Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Total Gas Limited. Quarter 3 FY25 Investor update call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listener mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing a star, then 0 on a touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parra Parik, CFO Adani Total Gas Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. Thank you, thank you, and a warm welcome to everybody, to all our investors, analysts, funds, whoever are, uh, taking the time out and participating today's, uh, quarter 3 earnings call of, uh, total gas. I'm pleased to share the operational and the financial results for ATGL for the quarter and the 9 month ending 31st December 24. Uh, let me begin with, uh, the physical highlights, uh, for the quarter. Our CNG station network has increased to 605 stations. We've added 58 stations for the year and for the quarter, uh, and the results we've added 28 new CNG stations. Of these 605 CNG stations, 116 CNG stations are codos or Dodos in terms of their format. Our steel pipeline infra has now increased to 13,000 kilometers. On the domestic pipe natural gas connections, ATGL is now serving over 922,000 domestic homes on pipe natural gas. For the year of 9 months we've added over a lack connections and for the quarter ending December we've added 28,677 connections. Similarly, for the industrial and consumer commercial consumers, we've now reached 8,913 consumers by adding 582 connections for the 9 month period whilst we've added 167 for the quarter 3. Let me also give you an update on some of the other newer emerging businesses on the e-mobility front, we are now at 1,914 EV charging points that have been commissioned across 22 states, for undertakings in all 226 cities, and we aim to reach around 3000 charging points by March and March to April this year. Our presence of our EV charging points now has increased to almost 20 airports in the country. In fact, we are one of the largest airport EV charge point operator at this juncture. On the biomass business. ATBL had commenced production and sales of the CBG from our Bursana plant, and we are hoping to announce the same along with fermented organic manure FOM or the phosphate rich organic manure from soon in the future. On the LNG side, our LTM business, we have commenced the first LNG station for long haul trucks and buses in Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu, and a few more are at various stages of progress for commissioning. Let me also share with you the financial numbers for the quarter. During this quarter, uh, the CT industry faced a couple of reductions in the APM allocation. So was the case for ATGL. The first, uh, reduction was on the 16th of October 2024 when our APM gas was reduced from 63% to 51%. We once again faced a second round of ATM reduction from the 51% to 37% on the 16th of November 2024. Therefore, on an, on an average basis for the quarter, the APM allocation for the CNG segment specifically was at 47%. This shortfall with the agility of ATGL was met through our existing contracts, uh, purchase of gas, uh, from the IGX spot market as well as coupled with the allocation of the new well gas from the government and which allowed us to supply gas on a continuous basis. Like always, our focus has been to calibrate the enterprises, balancing the affordability of end consumers and other stakeholders, including the profitability of the company, and I'm pleased to say that despite such challenges, ATGL maintained its growth trajectory, focusing on a customer centric approach and delivered a robust operational performance with a notable 15% growth in volumes. Uh, on a year on year compa comparable basis of which the CNG volume increased by 19% to 171 MMSCM whilst the PNG volume increased by 8% to 86 MS MMSCM during the quarter. Similarly, on a Q1 Q basis our volumes continue to rise by close to 6%, so the balance was formed in terms of continuing to push volume growth whilst uh ensuring that there is a right price pass through mechanism to the end consumers. On the financial front for the third quarter as compared to the previous quarter on a YOY basis, revenues from operations increased by 12% to INR 1397% growth. Due to an APM uh due to a reduction in APM allocation and the increase in gas price, a bit for the quarter has been at INR 272 crore while our PBT and PAT was at 193 grow and 143 grow respectively. Recently, uh, with effect from 16th of January 2025, APM allocation for CNG has increased from 37% to 51%, and we expect to see some positive impact for this uh in this case in the current quarter, uh, that is going by. We are closely assessing the situation regarding the availability of ATM gas also going forward. In closing, I would like to say we remain committed to playing a leading role in India's energy transition journey by providing affordable, reliable, low carbon energy for homes, transportation, commercial and industrial users. I'd also like to acknowledge and be thankful to all our shareholders, stakeholders, analysts, funds, houses, consumers, dealers, suppliers, business partners, and all our employees for providing trust and continued support. Thank you very much. uh, we could open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use answer while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Yogesh Patel from Dollar Capital. Please go ahead. Thanks for taking my question and sir, congratulations for a very good set of numbers. Uh, I have a couple of questions. Uh, sir, ATG is consistently delivering 19% or more YY growth in a CNG volume over the last couple of quarters. Uh, what are the key factors contributing to the ENGmo grow, and if you could provide how many vehicles on a daily basis you are supplying a CNG, it would be helpful. Thank you, thank you, Yogesh, uh, and of course, uh, always with your active participation CNG volumes have grown over a period of time and uh we are seeing this in the context of. Uh, affordable pricing which has allowed CNG CNG vehicles and volumes to continue to grow as you are aware, uh, when the APM, uh, credit, uh, committee had constituted an APM price from last. April there was a cap of $6.5 as far as uh APM price was concerned. This resulted in a visibility to the end consumers and therefore a proposition of continuing to convert into uh CNG consumption. I also request my colleague Rahul Bhatia to add on. Good afternoon. Uh, to answer the first part of your question, we supply CNG to about 6 to 7 vehicles per day. And uh we are seeing a very robust growth in CNG um both in our existing GAs as well as our new GS because we are expanding infrastructure in our new GA we are, we are introducing gas. We are introducing CNG new GS because of that we are seeing uh a very good growth in our new GS, a very good reception to CNG. In addition to that, even in our existing years we are seeing a very good growth just for your information, you know, CNG vehicles, if I were to compare on a YTD basis for C4 F525 compared to F524 in the whole of India, there has been a 43% growth in CNG vehicles. Even if we were to look at our RGS, then we are seeing a very significant growth not only in the four wheeler segment but also in the LCV segment as well as as well as buses, etc. To, to give you, you know, to give you a perspective, a little flavor in Ahmedabad, we are seeing that a lot of buses transferring over to CNG from about 5 per month. They are going to about 28 per month of, of, uh, uh, you know, buses, uh, in, in Gujarat in Ahmedabad. So, so Rajasthan is also showing a very good increase, especially in Dilwara. So we are, we are very encouraged by the growth of CNG both in the new GS as well as existing GS. I think to add to that Yogesh, uh, as you've seen we have continued to build our network in the newer geographies and uh the very expanse of building the network reaching out in the newer geographies has also added to the CNG volume. OK, sir, can you quickly share, uh, if you have the numbers, uh, how many CNG vehicles monthly addition happens, uh, in your geographical areas, that's one thing. And if you could provide us the geographical breakup of existing and the new geographical areas contribution to the CNG. So right now if I'm not wrong, 1.86 MMSCMD kind of CNG, what we are selling out of that, how much percentage is coming from the older GA and the newer GA if you could grow, that would be. OK, uh, would you want to add on the CNG vehicles around? OK, so, uh, Yoish, uh, as far as, uh, the breakup is concerned in terms of contribution of, uh, CNG vehicle, uh, CNG volume compare in the newer fees to the existing jobgraphies. Uh, the existing geographies are contributing, uh, 68% while the newer geographies are, uh, contributing to the balance 32%. So that's the break up as far as the, uh, overall volume is concerned on the CNG specifically on the CNG specific volume. Uh, just a minute, I'll give you those numbers also. The CNG volume on an overall basis that is being contributed from the existing ones are, uh, close to about 1 million out of the 1.7 MMS CMT. OK, OK, fair enough, sir. Sir, second question related to sector overall sector, the government has recently restored the ATM allocation, as you mentioned, to the CNG segment up to the 50%. Uh, do you think for the restoration of ATM gas to the CNG segment? That's one. And sir, we wanted to understand the rationale behind the restoration of this ATM from the other segments like LPG or any other segment. Uh, going forward, if required, uh, from there we can see the CNG will get, uh, uh, CNG will get ATM gas. Got you. One second, just 1 2nd please. Hi Yogesh, how are you? Yeah, I'm good sir. Sorry, sorry, I just came in from some other meetings, so what I understood from last sentence. No, I'm just going to repeat and if you say yes, basically you are saying that since from 16 January our APM gas allocation for CNG has gone back to 51% roughly. You are seeking that whether it can go up further if yes, but what, what is the timeline? Is that your question? That is the question. And on the top of that just wanted to add one thing. What is the rationale behind to restore from other segments like LPG or any other power or I mean, I mean we are not aware from, uh, which segment of the sector they have diverted the gap to the ATM side. So what is the rational and logic that in long term we wanted to understand whether this is sustainable or not first of all and uh. that's the, uh, no, I understood your question. See, first of all, we need to understand that the vision of a government on CGD expansion and the development remains strong. So this is one thing. So that is the reason when the gas allocation went down or several, you know, constrain what government was working it out, what they did. While the APM allocation went down, they brought a solution of a new well gas which as a priority for the CGT. Similarly, we have HDHP allocation as a priority for the CGD. higher prices, but there is a priority even though the spot prices may be much, much higher, but CGD has been given so that these actions will tell you that government has a strong vision for a continual development of a CGD sector. Now it has gone to 51% with certain measures which government took. Now what measures they are taking that the, the LPG plant, the operators. And who are also the, you know, large like gay and OGC, they are actually taking the APM gas, which was a part of a priority for extraction of LP and the lien gas has been given to us. Government we are that since CGD has a first priority, let even that part be currently given benefit to the CGT. That's only rational because they saw the CGD's allocation has come down significantly to 37 38%. So that would put a lot of pressure on us at this winter period that we have to bridge the gap with a very high price gas. So government had in mind that affordability of end consumers should also be balanced. So I think keeping in mind affordability of end consumers balancing. Also seeing that which other areas government could help CGD sector is what is being done. So that's the reason the 51% cash has been restored. Now others, other industries, other industries so far has not been restored. It's only LPG part has been restored plus the new well gas is being given to us. That's the only current, uh, upgrade we have. What we also understand from government, the government is continually working. On one, how much more APM gas could be given to CGD from what all measures could be taken either industrial allocation or any other location. Second, what other help government could extend on supply chain aspect because we also supply and cost. So I think there isn't a continuous engagement which is which is currently in place. To make sure that there is a balancing approach on CGD, uh, gas APM restoration or supply chain cost optimization, similarly ensuring that uh like for example if new well gas is coming that also gets allocated to CDD. I think, uh, thanks, thanks a lot for this clarity. And the last one from my side, as an investor and analyst, we'll be happy to get a clarity on a timeline related to ATM allocation changes in the coming months. Uh, when can we expect the next ATM allocation changes if you could throw some lights on that. No, as I said, you know, this is, this is the continual process government is looking into it, but at the same time, if you see, despite the allocation what we had. Let's say from 63 to 5151 to 37 during this quarter. Uh, also balancing the end prices by us, we have been able to still produce the financial results which are in front of you. So I think it, it does both the things while we are working with the government, we are engaging with the government through a asso association of CGD entity also working continuously work on the government side that we should have more and more APM gas. The fact is that CGD is also then now started looking into what all optimization could be done on supply chain aspect opex aspect, and that's the result today we are giving you. So I think we are also preparing ourselves to see that if tomorrow this allocation is not restored. How are we going to be working on a sustainable basis making sure we balance the interest of end consumer and also produce the good, uh, financials and operational results for the from the point of view of investor and other stakeholders and that's what is being done. If you see these results, if you read a bit more in detail, it will give you how the ATL has actually, uh, been able to cope up with this challenge. Thanks a lot, sir, and it was really helpful. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajan from Antiquesto Booking. Please go ahead. Uh thanks for the opportunity, sir. But once again regarding the sub part. So when the allocation went down to 51 down to 37 and back to 51. Uh, the new gas essentially is bridging any kind of uh loss from that 67 to 51. Is that the right kind of, uh, observation? So today, let you know, uh, in terms of your procurement, you don't have to depend on anything, uh, external. It is just that that 67 to 51 whatever the credit that happens as against that you are getting you well yes is that the, uh, the right understanding. Uh, good afternoon, Rahul Ghay this side. Uh, actually the APM has been restored to 51%. The new well gas that we are getting is in addition to the 51%. That's right, so that percentage will be more like 15 16% of your requirement as of now that you will get. The new bill get currently uh in the last quarter was about uh roughly about 7 to 8% of our requirement of our overall requirement OK and uh currently it will broadly be. Yeah, go, go. Fair, uh, and incrementally like, uh, uh, I think you guys was also kind of, uh, touching base on that. So with the latest order of oil ministry, effectively they're looking at a quarterly review of the availability of, uh, the gas. So is it fair to understand the next tranche of, uh, change whatever happens? You should expect something in the, uh, month of April. Is that the right, uh, way of looking at it? Yeah, so, so the mechanism which has been established by the government is that the government looks at the calendar quarter demand for the CGD segment. And uh looks at the availability of APM gas and then does an allocation after every quarter. So for for a quarter, for example, they will review the October, November, December demand. And based on that, uh, you know, they will be reviewing it on the on the from the 16th of February. Likewise they will look at the demand for January, February, March, and that revised allocation will come into play from the 16th of May. So there's a 45 day lag after every calendar quarter when the ATM, uh, reallocation is done. Understood sir. So like, you know, um, maybe I'll touch base later on the, uh, current run rate of, uh, sourcing, obviously I think we don't have the exact details as of now, but my understanding is that 51% APM and 78% of new gas and the remaining anyway like kind of whatever you are doing in, uh, third quarter to fill the gap that is. Yeah, uh, as, uh, Mr. Mangani had mentioned a few minutes, uh, back, you, you are aware that as of the 13th of January 2020, uh. 3 or 4 I'm forgetting now, uh, you know, HPST ceiling gas was also accorded top priority to the CGT segment. So just to, just to give you an, an idea about, you know, currently about 40% of our of our volumes are APM and, uh, another about, uh, you know, as you rightly said, about 8-9% is new well gas and another 25% is HPST ceiling gas. Good job. And the new gas, like, you know, uh, is now being, uh, awarded on a proportionate basis just the way AM gas is allotted, or, uh, is there any other mechanism? That's right. Sorry, sir. That was very useful. Thanks a lot. Thank you The next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from MK Global. Please go ahead. Yeah, uh, uh, good afternoon and, uh, congratulations on a good numbers considering the challenging situation. So, so I just wanted, uh, just wanted, I couldn't get it. Uh, you mentioned that, uh, uh, right now the CNG, uh, I mean in Q3, the CNG sourcing mix was, uh, 47% was APM 8% was newest gas, and the residual is what, uh, what did you mention I couldn't get it, uh, HP HP and other. Yeah, that's, that's HPST ceiling gas which, which comes from the KG basin. Yeah, so as, as you would be aware, the volumes which are coming from there of the ceiling gas, even in that, uh, the government has accorded top priority to the CGT priority segment of of PNG and PNG domestic. So all the options and bids which which are done by ONGC and the RILDP combined in those bids the first priority of allocation is is given to CGD. So ATD has been uh bidding very aggressively for those uh ceiling gas volumes and about 25% of our entire portfolio today is is uh HPSG ceiling gas. 25% of CNG or 25% of entire. 25% of our entire portfolio. OK, OK, so in TNG how much it would be? Any rough cut. Yeah, so, so about, uh, to give you an idea of our entire portfolio 40%, uh, would be about uh APM about 7 to 8% would be NWG, another 25% uh would be uh it would be SPHT. This is total ATGL volumes, right? 1.8 that's right. OK fair enough and uh. OK, right, and the remaining 28% would be, uh, would be an LNG mix that that one that's correct, that's RNG. Right, and, uh, and, uh, this new well gas, do you expect it to increase, uh, or, uh, do you think the percentage will remain, uh, as it is, uh, given the fact that it is new gas, but in a way it's like, uh, I mean the overall production remains the same, uh, or probably it's declining only. So we expect the renewable gas to go up because you know uh uh for all of these uh fields the producers now would be very encouraged that they are getting uh a little premium to APM gas so they will be encouraged to explore more and to ensure that these volumes would, uh, you know, go up very significantly moving forward. I got it, and you mentioned about the reviews, so the review will take place every month, right? No, uh, it, it takes place once a quarter, once a quarter with a 45 days lag, is that right? That's correct. So if it happens on the 16th of April 1st of April whatsoever that means I'll have to take the period 45 days like, right? So it will be like, uh, December to February or something of that sort, is that like the the allocation which will be done from the 16th of May will, will take the, the, the supply and demand volumes of the January to March quarter. OK, OK, OK, so it will be next done on 16th of May, not before that, right? 16th of February February because October, December, your evaluation will happen on 16th of February as 45 days post the quarter, so 45 days post every quarter. OK, so February is the timeline. I mean, I thought 16 January also they did this order, so, so next week February itself, then it will be May and likewise it will continue from here on. Yeah, 16th of January was a sort of out of uh sequence increase because, you know, the government saw that, uh, the CGD segment have been very significantly affected and as Mr. Manglani said that, uh, you know, the government keeps looking at ways to stabilize and to optimize APM gas to the CGT segment. So when they saw. A very significant impact that had happened to the CGD segment and to and to the CNG consumers. Then they sort of huddled together and and they ensured that, uh, you know, ONGC and uh Gail had to, you know, surrender some of the gas which was going into their LPG plants and they did an out of turn increased allocation on the 16th of January. Got it. Got it, sir. And, uh, and regarding your, uh, your margin, uh, a bit up or STM, so this quarter has been like around ₹10 you just say it was around 12 to ₹13 for this quarter it's 47%. I mean gas costs are rising at the same time we've got pe are depreciating and all, uh, but, uh, what could be the revised guidance now, now that you have, uh, more clarity on this whole thing. So Sabri, I think, uh, uh, as you're aware, I think we are still seeing some of these developments on how, uh, APM, uh, catch up is happening like we saw on the 16th of January. We'll wait to see now in the normal course of allocations that will happen on mid February. So one is on the APM side. Uh, second, uh, it is just desire has always been to keep pushing volumes even if you see the current quarter, uh, volumes have grown by about close to 15% on a YOI basis and 6% on the immediate receiving quarter. So we've always wanted to, we've always wanted to balance volume, uh, whilst you know what is the bid up or SCM being made. So that's the balance that you know we continue to do so. And uh we would expect therefore our margins to remain in a similar sort of range at this juncture. Uh, so it's ₹10.10 to ₹12 is that correct? See, the only, only, you know, thing when you all go through these results in more detail, you'll find that now we have been also speaking to you in several of previous quarter. And you must be also doing analysis analysis of the ATL result. We have focused significantly on the digitalization, automation processes, the IOT-based applications which have been implemented now, almost 98% volumes are getting fully IOT-based connected, so we are able to see the, the, the loss and accounted gasses, etc. significantly coming down because there is a real time monitoring. So you will see Opex and these digital programs giving us a benefit and increasingly so. In the future going forward, so that also would have to some extent positive impact on our beta policy. Operational experience is now the real focus for us while uh Rahul is working uh very hard along with his team to see how he builds the uh gas portfolio, uh, what should he do now, uh, you know, he has to redraw his whole strategy now again on the on the gas sourcing kind of a thing is to rebuild his portfolio to make sure that when APM gas allocation remains a bit of a challenging the way it is now. Uh, and the new guess also comes at a premium. HTSP comes at a premium spot definitely is a very high premium. So how he's able to manage the end customer interest. So I think he's doing a lot of good work. Uh, the operation teams are doing good work on operational excellence and entire our digitation program is helping us. So I think we are working holistically to see how do we balance the interest of all stakeholders. Got it, sir. Thank you for this. And just last question what has been your 9 months, sir? Yeah. I'm gonna get my. It will be the, yeah, so I think in terms of our, uh, 9 month capex, uh, if I were to, if I were to look at in terms of the capex incurred plus, you know, the in the commitments that you know we are making as far as our newer rounds are concerned, our cash spent will be close to about 650 odd per hour including, you know, the newer businesses. Whilst if I were to look at it in terms of further commitment on the PR CGD, that would be close to about additional 1000 roughly you should see our year ending in terms of, uh, from a capex by perspective, uh, to a number of closer towards 900, 2000. $9,002,000.10 long get it on thank you so much and all this. Thank you. Before we take the next question, we would like to remind participants that you may press start and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Nitin Tewari from Philip Capital. Please go ahead. Hi sir, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of, uh, bookkeeping bookkeeping questions from our end. Um, so, um, if you can give us, uh, the modification of, um, the CNG and the PNG revenue, uh, and also a breakup of, uh, PNG sales in MMSG between domestic industrial and commercial consumers. So I think on an on an on an overall annualized basis our uh our volume has been close to 2.8 for the quarter in that 2.8 uh for the quarter, uh. Close to about uh 32 to 33% is PNG while 66 to 67% is CNG. So that's the breakup between CNG and PNG as far as the quarter volumes are concerned. No, I'm not, uh, sorry, I'm not talking about the volume. I'm talking about the revenue break in between CNG and the rupees million breakup that you can rupees grow breakup you can get between CNG and PNG. Sure, so. And same for the previous quarter as well if you could please. Yes, yes, sure, so in terms of uh sales sales volume. Uh, if I were to give you the composition in terms of sales, CNG will constitute close to about, uh, uh, 66%, while, uh, 34% is on the PNG side. Similarly, if I were to look at the immediate preceding quarter, the immediate preceding quarter will have a similar number of close to about 67% and 33%. So 66 to 67 is the CNG sales, while 34 to 33 is the PNG sales for Q3 and then Q2. This is, this is the breakup of revenue you're talking about, right, um, yeah, and what is the breakup of, uh, PNGs, uh, among, uh, the subsegments of domestic industrial and commercial segments. Sorry, can you repeat the question? Uh, the breakup of PNG sales volume in, uh, domestic industry and commercial segments. Yeah, yeah. So in terms of uh uh the PNG breakup of the 34% that I mentioned to you, an absolute number at at AGL close to about 23% is industrial, 8% is domestic, and about 2% is commercial so that's all amounting to close to 34%. So sorry, the percentages that you've given just now these are the percentages in volume terms, right? That's correct. Yeah, so you mentioned 8% is domestic, uh, and 2% is. Um, commercial 2, yeah, yeah, that's correct, 2 in commercial. And in the striver, sorry, how much? 23, 23. 23 this is uh it's a percentage of overall volume right not of PNG absolute correct yeah yeah and um lastly just wanted to understand that while you've given out, uh, already given out the breakup of your gas sourcing right now, um, so I just wanted to understand two things with respect to that, um. Uh, you know, one is like, you know, isn't the SPHD gas, uh, uh, contracted out, so I just want to understand that what is the quantity which is available on IGX because, um, the gas production from KG Basin or other SPSC sources are typically contracted out right, not a lot of that quantity is available on IG. Is that understanding correct? So around the side. Yeah, at this point of time, roughly about 2 to 2.25 million cubic meters of gas is being, uh, is being brought by the RILBP combined on the IGX every month, and this was sort of this is happening since January, may continue till March or something till the time that, uh, you know, they come out with a bid with an auction uh and sell these on a long term basis. OK, so 2 to 2.5 LMS CMD is available on IG site is what you see, um, yeah, great, and, uh, in terms of LNG, like you know how is the LNG sourcing, uh, divided between uh contracted long term LNG and spot purchase for you. Yeah, we generally, uh, we generally don't keep our open position for spot purchases more than about 5 to 7%, but since, uh, ABM went down very significantly in recent months, our open position right now would be about 10%. Alright, so the rest are long term contracts is what you're seeing. So, uh, these contracts are Brent Brent linked or uh what is the index they are linked to Brent and Henry are. Rented any bifurcation can give us in terms of the percentages between rented and there. Uh, OK, I, I told you that, uh, you know, overall, our, our the numbers that we've got, we sell about 100,000 MMBTU per day. Mhm, right, and out of, out of which about, uh, 50% is ATM and NWG, and about 25% is, is, uh, is, is HPHT sealing gas. Out of the balance, out of the balance 25%, we would have about, uh, you know, 17 to 18% uh of Henry have contracts and about uh 6 to 76 to 7% uh of uh brand contracts and the balance would be open. Understood. So a large part of it is in the contract. That's nice, great. I mean that that's, uh, that answers most of my queries. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one at this time. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now have the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Mm thank you, thank you all the participants and management of ETJ for taking the time out and anyone wish to, you know, get further updates on ATJ please connect to us. Uh, thank you, thank you. Thank you, thanks. On behalf of ATCL that concludes this conference, thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.