Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Barat Petroleum Corporation Limited. Q3F 525 earnings conference call hosted by Antique Stockbroking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the then 0 on a touchtone phone. I now have a conference over to Mr. Var Rajan from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. Thank you, see, uh, very good morning to everyone. I would like to extend a very, very warm welcome to all the participants and the top management of BTCL. We have with us Mr. VRP Gupta, director of finance, Mr. Paash Kumar, ED Corporate Finance. This is Shi Via ED Corporate Treasury, is Chandanagi GM Pricing and Insurance, and Mr. Raul Azerwal, Chief Manager pricing and insurance. I'll now hand out the call to Mr. Raoul for the initial, uh, uh, disclosure and then for the initial. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Good morning. On behalf of the team, I welcome you all to this post UC con call. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements that we would be making during this phone call are based on our assessments of the matter, and we believe that these statements are reasonable. However, The nature involves a number of risks and uncertainties that may lead to different results. Since this is a quarterly results review, please restrict your questions to results. I now request our director finance Mr. Gupta, who's leading the BPL team for this call to make his opening remarks. Thank you and to you. Good morning everyone. Wish you all a very happy New Year. Welcome to the 4th quarter 3 Rogerscast. Thank you for joining us today. I hope you are able to go through our Rogers for the quarter. On the macro side, global economic growth is projected to stabilize at modest levels over the coming years. The World Bank forecast flat growth of 2.7% for 24 to 26%, while the IMF projects slightly higher growth of 3.3% for the same period. India remains a fast growing major economy among emerging markets and developing economies. The World Bank has retained its growth forecast for India at 6.7% for FA 2526, reaffirming its steady growth trajectory over the next two years. The Indian rupee hit an all-time low of 86.71% against the US dollar in January, raising concern about the inflationary pressures within the economy due to significant reliance on imports. It remains to be seen whether the RBA will opt for interest rate cuts to boost economic growth while addressing the challenges of inflation and currency depreciation. In terms of crude, the market is expected to remain adequately supplied this year. Global oil demand is projected to rise by about 1.2 to 1.3 million barrels per day, underpinned by the expectations of the rate cuts in US and Europe and more stimulus from China. Oil supply on the other hand, is expected to increase by 2 to 2.1 million barrels per day. The anticipated supply is expected to keep the prices in case in 2025. US Energy Information Administration projects crude price to average. 25. However, in the short term, the market is impacted by the recent US sanctions and the Russian oil supply chain. The impact of US sanctions on Russian entities and the global supply chain remains to be assessed. Demand for petroleum products in India has continued to grow with an overall growth of 6.4% during Q3. Major products such as petrol, diesel, and ATF have grown by 9.6%, 4.8%, and 8.9% respectively. Performance in Q3 2425 on operation said, our refund is achieved a throughput of 9.54 million metric tons per annum during the quarter, which is 107% of the nameplate capacity in spite of shutdown at Kui refinery and Mumbai refinery during the quarter. Our district yield was 84.86% in each quarter, which is one of the highest among any other refineries. The product crack for gasoline in Singapore fell slightly to 6.44 barrels in Q3 from 6.83 barrels in Q2. Whereas the cracks for gas oil, Singapore has improved to 15.0 per barrel in Q3 from $13.69 per barrel in Q2. Accordingly, our refineries recorded a GRM of $5.6 per barrel during this quarter. On the marketing side, our domestic market sales grew at about 4% year on year during the quarter to 13.43 million metric ton. We continue to generate the highest throughput for retail outlet among our peers with a throughput of 154 kl per month. This is 140 kl per month on PSA average, driven by access to strategic markets and strong networks along highways. We commission 108 to new retail outlets in the nine month period FA 25, taking our total network sent to 202921 retail outlets to increase penetration of CNG in the overall energy basket. BPC the address will be expanding its CNG fueling in foster care with mechanicals of 183 CNG stations during April to December 2425. We have achieved highest ever 15.56 branding during this quarter. We have commissioned 2 LNG stations at our company owned and controlled air outlet during the quarter and identified another 10 locations and strategic highways for installing LNG facilities. We are expanding our foray into non-fuel services at ours to our in-house state of the art cafe brand B cafe where customers can experience government coffee and snacks at the propensity of charging gathering momentum. BFA would offer customers an upgraded convenience during their wait time. We have commission 44 BFA during 9 months, 2425, taking total BFA network to 50. Updates a new projects. The project at Bena is a crucial initiative for BPCL driven by the growing demand for petrochemicals. The project is progressing as scheduled with technology licenses on board for all critical packages, detailed engineering completed for a few units and others nearing completion. A significant milestone has been achieved in this project with a successful completion of financial closure. BPS have secured a loan facility of 31,800 crore from a consortium of six banks, one of the largest single loan arrangements of corporated in India. The agreement was finalized on January 16, 2025. The board has approved 6100 towards pre-project activities including land identification, feasibility studies, and environmental assessment for Greenfield refinery and petrochemical complex in Andhra Pradesh. During the previous quarter, BPL board has approved to enter into GV agreement with Mr. Secor Green Hydrogen India Private Limited in the domain of renewable energy and green hydrogen and joint venture with GPS Renewable Private Limited for setting up of compression biogas plants across India. We have received the necessary government approval for forming the joint ventures during this quarter. But also approved formation of JV with Prague in industry for setting up of GB CBG plant. The company aims to set up 26 CBG plants across India in the near future. BPL has taken major strides in the renewable energy by emerging at the lowest bidder in NTPC tender for 200 megawatt solar PV project to develop, generate, and supply of 150 megawatts to NTPC. This project with a capital investment of around 750 crore will produce 400 million units of clean energy. Further, BPL also secured 30 megawatts in NHPC solar PV project and they concluded on January 25. Without further ado. Let me guide you through the financial highlights for the quarter. The revenue from apprehens stood at 127521 crore. The profit after tax stood at 4,649 crore. Again, it's an estimated effects of 16,400 cro for the financial year. We have spent about 11,899 crore during April to December. Our standalone network again 34th December is 80,0305 grow. The earning per share for this quarter is 10.88 per share. As of December 24th, we are at a fairly very low level of debt. The executed standalone grass borrowing leverage 0.24. Overall standalone grass borrowing is at 19,600 crore as the 34 December 24. And again, these borrowings we have current investments including oil bonds, about 16,000 crore 98, 16,000 98 crore at group level the data could be 0.58 with grass borrowings of 46,500 crore. In order to reward our shareholders for the continued support, the company has declared interim dividend of ₹5 per share. This concludes my comments and will be happy to take your questions now. Thank you. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, please wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is on the line of Proen from ICIC Securities. Please go ahead. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Very good morning. Uh, I have 3 questions. One, with respect to the Russian crude, uh, as part of our social portfolio with all that is going on in terms of the sanctions. What is the mitigation strategy we have in place in terms of securing supplies in case, uh, Russian crude, uh, you know, is disrupted? Uh, how much was it there, uh, was it as a percentage of our social in 9 months by 25? And if I assuming that the discount on crude will no longer be there, what is the kind of impact on crude cost effectively, uh, that's my first question. Yeah, um, if you see, historically, uh, we are in a position to process around 34 to 35% of crude, uh, which is coming from Russia. In fact, um, Q3 itself was the percentage of Russian crude crossing has come down to 31%. And after the recent the US sanctions, the supplies are, um, uh, coming down. Uh, we have, uh, finalized the Russian cargos for the month of January and February, but in the month of March we are to conclude on the Russian supplies. Uh, we are not, uh, getting sufficient cargos for the month of March at this point of time. Uh, the risk mitigation policy crude availability is not an issue. Only the commercial, uh, benefits, the Russian crude generally they used to offer around $3 so that, uh, commercial benefit may not, uh, be available in case Russian cargos are not coming to India. Um, we are for seeing at least a 20% cut off Russian cargos for the month of March. Where this cargo we can source from the Middle East and a WTA in case of loss of low sulfur requirement, we can take it from WTA or any other grade we can take it from, uh, Middle Eastern spot basis. Understood, sir. So is it fair to say that at 30% with the benefit of $3 that's around the 90% impact on the overall good cost in a blended basis that we have to sort of live with. Yeah, we are not getting any Russian cargo, but still we get some cardboard. There may be a reduction of Russian cargos. Uh, it is not 0, we will reach to zero level. We have to wait and see. It takes a little bit of time to rebalance the supply side. Right, so, secondly, on the KX project you mentioned the Vienna Petrochemical and the Greenfield refinery in this. Uh, I just wanted a little bit more granularity in terms of the petrochemical state of Vina. Uh, what is the timeline we are looking at? What is the investment done same date, and what is the overall investment for me if I can get some sense? For Via, we have approved 49,000 at a gross level of total capital investment. This is an integrated brownfield refinery refinery expansion of 3 million metric with uh around 3 million metric ton of petrochemicals. The project schedule will be May 28th is our own uh project schedule completion schedule as of date, uh, as per the schedule around 7.5% of milestones we have achieved in terms of the financial. Closure already 1000 grow we have spent during this year and most of the licenses we have funded and most of the units already the beat up and uh basic design engineering packages have been completed. Some units are training, so what is going on with speed, uh, and we are expecting May 28th, the project, uh, coming in schedule. We, we will be in a position this year. So, in terms of phasing, the bulk of the KX will happen maybe starting up by 26 or 276 27. 527 is when we see the bulk of the cases and so how and so in terms of the, uh, you know, the, the yield from the additional refining capacity you said 3 million tons of capacity in refining and 3 million tons of petrochemical capacity, is that correct? Uh, no, no, out of 3 million tons of refining capacity, the inimit will go to petrochemicals. Overall, the net refining capacity will be added by 3 million materials from the current 7.8, it will reach the limit. Refilling capacity, but most of the intermediaries will go for petrochemicals. So 7.0 to the complex capacity will be 1 11 million out of which around 3 million tons would be essentially petrochemical output is that the understanding? No, uh, it's not like that. Out of 11, uh, only I think 1.8 or 2 will go as an intermediary. That intermediary will do 33 MMT of petrochemicals. OK, OK, OK. One last question, sir. Housekeeping one this quarters for a sudden jump in terms of the, uh, uh, staff cost. Can we just get a sense of what happened in terms of because the quarterly run rate was 7, 7.5 billion this quarter we see 1200 plus. Yes, of course this is only a one time actually there are such a use uh performance related pay to the employees which was pending since the last two years, this particular quarter it has been settled. That was the only reason, uh, this Sharon hike. It is not a repetitive in nature for the year 22, 23 and the earlier years so there was some news which is pending to be distributed this quarter we have distributed that. And how much was that, sir? Was it about 400, 500 colors entire business. Around 370. Thank you so much, sir. I'll come back if I thanks a lot. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Meta from Baroda BNB Bariba's mutual funds. Please go ahead. Thank you sir for giving this opportunity. I want you to understand about the DPRL loan repayment which is due this year. We have around 8300 crore of repayment due. What's our plan for are we planning to roll over this loan or are we planning to pay this and how are we going to arrange the funds for the thing in the PRN? VPR or whatever getting loans, so mostly we are refinancing only, uh, rollovers only because we are not getting any cash generation from BPR, um, venture. So whatever loan repayments we are repaying the loans and we are refinancing mostly all our refinancing is um better terms maybe we are refinancing maybe 1015 bits so we are getting benefit only at the end of refinancing, but our plan is rollover only because we don't have any sufficient, uh, cash flow generation like BPR adventure. What our loans or the loans have to be rolled over. So, and in terms of the Mozambique assets, would you also sort of run us through the time, uh, outlook in terms of the restart? Mozambique, we are still waiting uh for the official announcement of lifting of the four majors. Uh, what we are getting indications any time or they may look at it and the four major. Then accordingly, the work will start, but the expected completion of this particular project will be 2829. The first gas we can see from Mozambique which will be in April 2829. Sure. Thanks. The next question is from the line of Vivekan from Amber Capital. Please go ahead. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Recently we saw that you won a tender, uh, to supply, uh, RE RE uh power to NTPC. Uh, just trying to understand uh what is the business model that you are envisaging, uh, in renewable energy. Uh, initially we thought that it was decarbonization of your own operations, but now it seems that you are pursuing projects where you will supply externally as well. Uh, also, could you help us understand whether you will reach the 2 gigawatt target for renewable capacity set up by 526. Currently you would be much less than that, right? Thank you. Yeah, our renewable aspirations, um, mainly through three areas of business you want to do. One is how do we make it net zero for our own internal operations internal consumption. Secondly, we want to create a separate business, uh, revenue stream, uh, by cattering the services to the utilities. And the third one is, uh, to create the renewable assets for our own green hydrogen requirements as well as to supply our cater to the market requirement for the green hydrogen. So all these three areas we want to put capital the location for the renewables, particularly this particular tender is, uh, for the utility business, uh, around 150 megawatt we have the lowest, um, in the NTPC tender, and we have one more option of going for opting another 150 megawatt and green view option. And another tender recently we have one is uh 30 megawatt in NXPC tender. So with this, uh, already we are going to create around 300 to 350 megawatts of renewable asset mainly to cater the utility business. OK, uh, thanks for this. Just to understand the targets that you have outlined the long term targets for renewable capacity. Yeah, we would include all three combined, right, right, right, we have a very short term target of 2 gigawat we want to achieve either on our own or through our JV companies. Uh, for that already we have announced one JV incorporation with Semcorp, uh, India Private Limited. This is a Singapore entity, um, 50/50 JV. We are going to incorporate. We've got all the statutory approvals and ministry and government of India approvals. Uh, we want to create this renewable assets through this particular JV. Uh, wherever, wherever business opportunities are there and in a couple of years we want to reach 2 gigawatts and by 2030 at least we want to create a 10 gigawatts of renewable assets. OK, and would you be able to comment on the KE outlay for 526 and 27 for the renewable aspirations you have? Uh, for renewables overall capex for the next 2 years, so we are allocating 10,000 crore. Uh, if you ask me to split to maybe 25, 26, it will be around 3000 crore and 26, 27, another 3000 crore. And meanwhile, if we, if we get any tenders, then I can we can allocate more capital. Understood. Thank you very much and I'll the best. Thank you. The next question is on the line of Yogesh Patel from Dollar Capital. Please go ahead. Thanks for taking my question, sir. Sir, our reported GRM of $5.6 per barrel was hardly $0.6 per barrel premium to Singapore benchmark. So apart from refinery shutdowns in Mumbai and the Kochi side, is there anything which impacted the BPCR reported GRL? Um, major, major impact if you see there are a couple of reasons. One is definitely both refinery kind of shut down. Uh, the plans shut down for 30 days for Mumbai refinery and 25 days for Pi refinery, which is 30 days and Mumbai is for 25 days. And beyond, uh, plant shutdown, our Russia throughput during this quarter is a little bit on the downside, maybe, uh, 31% we have process compared to earlier quarters of 34, 35%. And the second is this quarter if you see slightly the refining spreads are on the lower side slightly not a major, but major impact is on account of shutdowns where our energy consumption is in a higher state the throughput is in lower side. Sir, our marketing inventory losses were closer to 722. Any particular reason? And I just wanted to know how many days of product inventory do we maintain on a general basis? Only marketing we keep around 25 to 27 days of inventory. This is a normal phenomenon whenever during any particular period if the prices are coming down, uh, the fortnight to fortnightly differential of the RTP is the main reason inventory losses. The price goes up, definitely the inventory gain losses will be reversed. It happens every every quarter. Depends on the price trend. It is in tandem with the price range only. There is not normal inventory positioning happen during this quarter, but when our price stands on the downside, there will be inventory losses. So when the price trend is on the upside, there'll maybe be inventory gains. Sir, one more, uh, do we have any long term contracts with the Russian crude supplier? And if we, if you could provide some details on the crude sourcing side of the calendar CY 25, uh, how much long term, uh, crude sourcing we have and how much is the short term, that would be really helpful. Generally, uh, we are following a principle of around 55% as a long term imported grow. And um balance of 30-35% we keep it for spot and this year also broadly uh in the same le we are keeping around 55% of our requirement of imports soon uh through long term mainly the sources are from uh Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, US, Iraq, whatever normal sources of crude, we are allocating around 55% for long term, and we are keeping for short term spot. This is for 30-35%. But Russian, we don't have any long term contracts, so Minus 2 generally we go for we go to the market and uh we uh procure crude. Russian there, you know, long term Russian crude please. Sir, last question, uh, sir, considering very weak GRM as of now, $1 per barrel or even less than that. If the situation continues for a month again and on the top of that we have to procure a spot cool, uh, a little bit of costlier extends to $2.03 dollars per uh barrel premium. So don't you think this will get a little bit negativity on the refining profitability at least in the near to medium term? Please correct me if I'm wrong. Your current trends, if you see, uh, the gasoline cracks are come down to almost 0 or negative levels that come. But fortunately still the gas oil crack facility being maintained at 13 $14 level. Uh, with this, uh, background, definitely there will be a small impact on the ERM side. But in terms of the crude sourcing impact on the ERMs, yes, Russian crude, if the weightage comes down in terms of the processing, there will be an impact, but the impact is not much today. Also, the Russian crude is available only $33.2 discount. Uh, the overall impact in case if the throughput comes down from 35% of Russian processing. There will be an impact, but crude is available. It is rather crude, uh, there is any tightness of crude crude is sufficient crude is available and the only thing that different sources were to find out. There may be an impact, small impact in case if we are not in a position to process fully. And sir, uh, do you, do you think in the long run, uh, did you get, uh, Russian food supplies at a discounted rate, uh, after 6 months, 12 months down the line? What is your in-house assessment on this? And what we are forcing, it is only a temporary phenomenon because Russian crude, they are not cut down their production. Some point of time again, the Russian crude had to come to the market. Now, only, only thing because since there's so many vessels are on, um, sanctions and some insurance companies are also on sanctions, so some time it required to rebalance the market, the supply chain had to be resettled or maybe another 2-3 months, so this resettlement can happen. No trader community can come into the market. So that the process will continue after some point of time. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir. These are really helpful. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Iqbal Khan from ICC Prudential Life. Please go ahead. Yeah, uh, hi, uh, good, so, uh, so just on the Russian discount, uh, like you said, uh, in Q3 it was around 33.5, and of lately I've been, uh, reading, uh, couple of news that Russian discount, uh, Russian, uh, prices have, uh, you know, fallen down, uh, so, um, I mean, and you said, uh, for the month of Jan and Feb we are gonna, uh, source, uh, the Russian group, so, uh, we. Enjoying this, uh, I mean, I, I believe the Russian discount would have increased, uh, so are we enjoying this benefit for these two months, or, uh, or I mean, um, you know, can you just throw a light on, uh, what is the current discount and are we availing the benefit of this falling Russian group of lately? No, generally our spot procurement deals happen means 2 months once we complete the deals. So for January and February we have completed the deals in the month of November and December itself. So we are getting sufficient cargos for the 2 months. Only we have to wait and see for the month of March how many cargos uh we can get from the market. And discount levels are similar. We are expecting similar level of discount will continue, but the volumes, uh, we are not expecting the way we used to get the volumes in every month. Understood, understood. Thank you, sir. That's it. That's good. Thanks a lot. The next question is from the line of Amit Muarka from Access Capital. Please go ahead. Uh, yeah, I, uh, thanks for the opportunity. So, uh, uh, my question was again on, uh, on the KPX side, uh, so you said that, uh, on Va expansion, most of the KP will start in 26 and 27. Uh, are you providing any absolute guidance for 26, uh, and as well as 27 now? Guidance we just we are forming up the capex numbers for 2526. So we have the initial indication we have received numbers from the all the all the units around 18,500 to 19,000 of capex for 2526. We had to form up, but uh it will be indicatively the cap numbers for FA 2526 will be 190,000 around. OK, and, and then 27, could it like go up to maybe 25,000? Yeah, that that you want we can take an estimate 20 to 23,000 growth, but we are a two form of the number for 26. Sure, uh, and, uh, the, the 5 year, uh, K6 plan was about 1.5 odd laros, right, uh, so. So then that is still on, right? I mean, so in that case you're saying that 2829 could maybe go up to a much higher number than to right our our cap aspiration, uh, based on our project as per, um, numbers are 1. someone like road we would like to achieve a number out of which already the board has approved for the projects around 1.30 already committed means the board has approved the projects mainly around 25,000 it will be coming from exploration tech from Mozambique and bridges and around 50,000 for Vina and around 5000 roa for our ref friendly petrochemical project and 2 to 25,000 we are going to spend on CGD network expansion. Uh, these are the major components of our cape. Uh, yes, definitely next year onwards and next year will be around 90,000 for 20,000 grow. After that, 26, 27 onwards every year we may have to see around 25 or 300 grow of capex. Sure, uh, and on, uh, on, on the GRMs you mentioned that the GRMs were a bit weaker because of shutdown and, uh, lower Russian sourcing. Was there some inventory loss as well? No, generally we don't calculate any inventory losses for reining because our average inventory is much less than 10 days. So our average procurement cycle is 1 month, and our inventory processing cycle for refining, uh, is only 10 days or 11 days. So it won't give any, uh, impact on terms of inventory gain losses. Uh, when you are keeping a 10 days inventory, you purchase 1 month average prices. Only sometimes some cargos, very old cargoes. So if we did there in the inventory where the actual manufacturing and processing is not happening in the same fortnight, there may be small impact, but that is the reason we avoid any calibrating of inventinglasses for our BPL refineries. Uh, and just, and just a last question on, uh, on the, the fuels. So, um, the marketing volumes, uh, generally I think, uh, have been growing lesser than the industry growth, I believe, because of some gains by private refiners, private marketing company. So, uh, recently there was some article as well that the those refining company, those, uh, outlets who are getting impacted are basically, uh, demanding better margins since their volumes are going down. So is there any uh discussion going on on that front uh to raise dealer margins? But they were margins already it has been implemented. They are revised has been implemented during, uh, last quarter itself. So there is no, uh, separate discussion. Oh yes, I agree this quarter we are not, uh, number one in terms of a market growth point of view, but it's only short term. Uh, we'll come back and we'll get back our position. OK, sure. Thank you, that's all. The next question is from the line of Sumi Rora from Smart Sun Capital. Please go ahead. Yeah, hi, sir. A very good morning to you and your entire team. So sir, firstly, uh, you know, I mean, I, I would like to talk to you as an investor, uh, so see, you know, I clearly see that, uh, you know, you have done exceptionally well, uh, you know, you have made a profit of, uh, uh, you have made a profit of 10,000 cows, uh, you know, after absorbing 7100 cores of LPG under recovery. Now, sir, you know, it is, uh, of course we all know that, you know, LPG, we all, we also understand sir that LPG under recovery is, uh, you know, uh, you know, borne by the government, but sir, clearly I mean I. I mean, uh, one thing which you clearly, uh, you know, must appreciate from our point of view is that, uh, you know, this LPG on the recovery is basically clouting the earnings, uh, you know, overall for, uh, you know, the earnings outlook or the earnings visibility basically for, uh, you know, investors, uh, you know, for us. I mean, sir, I'll just, I, I would just like to highlight to you a few important things which I really think are very important from, uh, you know, an investor angle, you know, because, uh, you know, I mean we spend a lot of time on matrix, on GRMs on, you know, but you. that the, the thing is that you know these things need to be priced by markets, right, which clearly is not being priced. And now, sir, I'll just say I would like to highlight this to you that today, you know, the market cap, uh, I mean the price of petroleum or whatever you may say the market cap is exactly what it was back in 2017. Now sir, back in 2017, you know, we used to make about 9000 crows of profit, but today, sir, we are making 20,000 rows of profit. So clearly, you know, when, uh, public sector enterprises in India are going through a. A rating. OK, uh, companies like ours which are the highest quality companies in terms of ROE and ROICs are, uh, you know, getting D rated now, sir, you know, I mean, uh, it is something of, uh, you know, for which, uh, you know, you should take significant importance is that that today, you know, we make 20,000 calls and tomorrow that project aspire we make 30,000 calls, but you know if the market doesn't get confidence on earnings and visibility, then, uh, you know how does it help, uh, you know, an investor, right? I mean because today ultimately invest. I also want to make a return and uh today you know if you see that if uh you know uh you know markets are not going to value earnings and you know we are going to create that 7-8 year kind of low prices uh you know it is clearly saying that there is a disconnect between the reality of what you're doing versus the perception, right? I mean it clearly goes to show, right, because on ground level you are delivering superb results and that there is no question on that front, right? But obviously sir the market needs to take cognizance of that and your fees and your price to be. Isss also need to adjust accordingly, right? I mean, uh, this is something, you know, which I really think that, you know, you, the ministry, and, uh, you know, uh, everyone, uh, should really give it a very serious thought because, you know, the right communication basically from you, uh, or the minister or the ministry, you know, to basically investors will go a long way in re-rating these companies, you know, because you are doing exceptionally well on financial performance, but that also, you know, it is of significant importance that you know market we are. Like this, so I really would, uh, you know, much, uh, you know, uh, think if you can take a serious look at this and please consider what I've said very seriously because it is in the best interest of all stakeholders. Now, sir, coming, uh, to your one question on this Russian, uh, thing, you know, which has been, uh, you know, exaggerated, uh, beyond the imagination is in fact you see today also Mr. Trump has come to ask Russia to end the war. So, sir, if the war to be end then, uh, it would be safe to assume that, uh, nothing on the Russian oil gets impacted and everything remains status quo. Thank you sir. Yeah, uh, one first question related to LP, just I want to clarify, uh, for the period April to December we have a net negative buffer of 7200 to 28 crore which we are taking a debit to PNL. And uh you know, LPG, they controlled, um, product, the pricing is being controlled by the government of India. Even earlier year also, government has supported around 22,000 growth for the industry. We are hopeful by the end of the year, definitely government will support the LPG subsidy because this particular LPG pricing is completely controlled by the government of India and based on that that only we market the product. Uh, we are hopeful government will support for this particular and directory. Uh, of LP comes to Russian crude side, um, today, very short term, there may be a shortage of supplies of Russian cargo if Russia, Ukraine war if it ends it a good thing, more supplies will come to the market. Uh, at the same time if they remove the sanctions, then it is well and good, uh, complete, uh, supplies will, uh, come to every market and there will be a good amount of supply compared to the demand growth. So if if Russia Ukraine and it is good for the indexes. OK, thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Say Hazarika from MK Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. Yeah, good morning, sir. So, um, I have a few questions. The first one is, uh, basically in the current scenario, uh, if I assume that diesel cracks remain, let's say around 11 to $12 and petrol, say, let's assume around 5 to $6 and, uh, and, uh, assuming that Russian crude share goes down to say around 10 15% with possibly no discount. Then based on your configuration, what kind of GRMs is uh GRMs your uh company can report? We, we, we cannot predict the year because you have a very complex working, not only the Russian supplies and crack, uh, it depends on the yield what sourcing of crude we take and what premiums we pay at the end of crude procurement, but, uh, uh. average, uh, we are at least expecting the refining margins will continue at a similar levels, uh, because as long as, uh, the gas oil cracks are there, gas oil cracks are 13 to $14 because our total processing capacity, the gas is the maximum quantity we process. So yeah, as long as the refining spreads are commendable at 13 to $14 at gas oil, uh, we can foresee the similar level of year and there won't be much impact. So 6 to $7 GRM at 13 $14 diesel cracks is something which can be can be expected. We cannot give any guidance, but we can, we can safely, we can give in case gas oil cracks are at 13 to $14 and gas oil, gasoline is at $5.06 dollars, so it can give you that much of GRM everything depends on what spreads internationally it commands for the next two months. Right, the second is, uh, basically on your, uh, your this capex plan. Uh, so what is the peak date that you and visage, which you find comfortable for the company, uh, once you are like at the peak of the KE cycle. We we are not expecting the peak of that will go beyond 11 to 1 is a comfortable zone we are expecting on a standalone basis. uh, when the projects are completing by 28, 29, maybe our caps will reach at that level max one that is what we are targeting. One time that equity will be the peak levels that you have. OK, fine. And, uh, lastly on this, uh, on this LPG thing only, so, uh, so, uh, right now I'm in Q4, I think, uh, there has been some reversals we've seen oil prices go up. LPG prices also seasonally have been up. So, uh, so in near term, do you have any, and on top of that, the excise duty payments and all which also comes at the end of the year. So, uh, are you comfortable in terms of working capital or, uh, there could be a spot in short term debt and all. December also when you see our deti at gross 0.24%, but at the same time we have almost 15,000 grow of investment is an oil bonds or these we have investment and net net if you see that that equity is very small 0.1 or less than 0.1%. Uh, when we reach by March, and, uh, if there is, you know, major spike of crude oil prices, uh, it, we are not forcing any, uh, big jump of working capital requirements because our caps also we are ending up with the cape estimate it will be around €16,000 for this year. Um, we are forcing what our internal generation that is sufficient to meet our capital requirement and executive payment, yes, every year executive payment we have to pay before 35 to March. So that actually we have to take additional, uh, borrowings working capital requirements. Got it. This is just a small bookkeeping question here. ATF volume seems to have declined. So anything specific on this? Uh, we are last one customer in tendering process. That is the only reason. But anyhow, we, we got back some other customers maybe in the subsequent quarters we can make up the volume. OK, OK, fair enough. Thank you so much and all the best. The next question is from the line of Nitin Dewari from Philip Capital. Please go ahead. Um, morning, sir. Uh, thanks for the opportunity, sir, uh, my question is related to the under the refinery if you can, uh, they can, uh, throw some more light in terms of what is the estimated size of, uh, this project and what is the total KEx, and you mentioned something around 600 pro that you are located. What is that for and, uh, basically what is the incremental KEC and timeline we are looking at in this project. So that will be the first one. Uh, we have, uh, both approved of 6100 of, uh, capex for pre-project activity. This is mainly for land acquisition. We are looking for around 6000 acres of land. Um, there are a couple of components in 6100 core. One major component is for land acquisition and land development, and, uh, after that there are certain, certain DPR studies we have to carry out, uh, certain field studies we have to carry out. It takes time, uh, maybe another 6 months to 9 months period we'll complete the DPR and field study. So it requires a significant amount of, uh, pre-investment. Before taking any uh financial decision and the final decision in the configuration broadly we are looking at it in 9 million metric to at 1 million metric to 2 train after we are looking at it, uh, which will have a um a very large intensity of petrochemicals. For example, if we are going for a 9 million metric ton of training capacity, we are expecting at least 3.8 to 4 million metric ton of petrochemicals. Um, that is very broadly we are looking for a configuration around 3 3.5 million m of products, petroleum products, and around 4 million metrics of, uh, petrochemicals. Uh, the roughly the initial indication of requirements will be around 95,000 brass level. And the government of Farmer also they have indicated a good amount of capital subsidy incentive. Maybe we have to wait and see once the DPR and field studies are over, the final numbers we can form up and uh reach to the FAD level by the end of December we can expect this final numbers. Uh, sure, sir, uh, sorry, I missed on the total investment number, uh, that you mentioned, uh, around, around 95,000 at gross level 95,000. Alright. And sir, uh, the location is confirmed by or you, you have to decide on the location and is it going to be a coastal refinery or in land refinery? It will be quarter refine. It will be definitely the quarter refinery location is also on most land we have identified now the acquisition process, uh, we have to start, uh, we have a same project government of AP also for land acquisition. Understood, sir. So my second question is related to, uh, a news item, uh, which was published around, uh, I mean, um, excise duty exemption that Supreme Court has given to you for MOU sales of, uh, product between the oil marketing companies. So if you can, uh, just elaborate a little bit on that and would that, uh, in any way be updating on the margin side for, uh. Referring the recent Supreme Court judgment on one of the old, uh, case of duty and duty calculation. Yes, I, I suppose that is the one. There was this news item which said that I, I think it was related to the sales that happen between the marketing companies on, yeah, yeah, there is, there is a valuation dispute, uh, because tribunal level we are not got favorable order. They have really taken demand. It went to up to Supreme Court because when we purchase, uh, on sale any product between the OMCs, the transaction value is based on the purchase price. Uh, whereas your department contention is that it should not be a purchase price, it should be based on some other method we have to derive because the RSP is different than the purchase price because this dispute is going on since a long time. Uh, it went to Supreme Court and Supreme Court had, um, uh, they have sent back to the tribunal to reassess the accessible value, but we have, we are going to put a review petition, uh, and we have to wait and see how the tribunal recalculate that accessible value. Uh, OK then, because I think the news item mentioned something like that, uh, that excise would be exempted on this, uh, sale and purchase, and therefore I thought like if there's any benefit of going to us because of that exemption. No, no, you know, you know, exemption of a game. It is a dispute on the values and rules. It's a dispute on the valuation. Understood, sir. Thanks, sir. That is all from me. The next question is from the line of Hartik from ICIC Securities. Please go ahead. Yeah, hi, sir. So as we have seen the, the crude oil prices are, you know, uh, taken a sharp rally and it is, uh, in recent weeks has crossed $80. So any thought on, you know, if price again crosses $80 any thought on price has to be taken, any initial sense on that. If you see, uh, the demand supply of crude market, if you see, uh, at least we are expecting a good amount of supply of crude, uh, there, uh, in the market, only very short term or reaction in terms of Russian crude supplies. There is a little. But we are not forcing, uh, the crude prices will come in at this level try to come back to, uh, 75 to $80 range only. It's only very short term, uh, reaction, uh, crude pressure at this level. OK, OK, and so one more thing, you know, uh, uh, we have reported a marketing inventory loss, right, but, uh, at the end of the quarter there was a, you know, the spike in, uh, the digital petrol, uh, industrial product prices. So we just want to understand, you know, uh, what led the inventory loss and if it's a real inventory loss, would it get rewards in the Q4? Generally, how we calculate inventory losses, you know, with the inventory loss gains are in tandem with the price range during any particular quarter if the prices on the down trend, definitely there will be inventory losses. If the price range on the higher end, there will be inventory gains. So this, this will continue every quarter. It all depends on the price trend. The Q3, there is a reduction in the price trend. That is the region inventory losses in case the crude prices continually, continuously hovering at this level $80 maybe you may see the reversal of, uh, this one. OK, OK, sure, thanks, that's that's. The next question is from the line of Sonia V from Avendish Park. Please go ahead. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. I have a few questions. So, uh, first thing is on the The Russian, uh, group, so you did mention him minus 2, so for January you would have booked by say now but. Average price, uh, the discount, that's how it will work, or it will be an over priceless discount. No, we, we find the deals only on the discounts. The price is always on the date of delivery month. Uh, for example, the crude we are receiving in the month of January, the January month prices are applicable. If you are receiving the crude in the month of February, the February prices will be applicable. Only the discount and other terms credit terms are fixed, otherwise the price, the base price of crude is variable. Understood, sir. So second question on the crude sourcing. So what would be on a blended basis on non-Russian crude, uh, sourcing cost on a, on a premium? What are the premiums, uh, Russian crude, uh, that we'll be paying? No, we can, we cannot compare actually, um, every grade to grade because every grade of crude will have a different CAV means what the crude will give a value of output. So it is very difficult to compare which crude is better, which crude is cheaper. Every crude is, uh, cheaper or partly depends on the refinery configuration. What type of products it can give depends on that. Every crude will have a different value. So we cannot compare every crude what is the cost whether it is good or bad. Everything we have to see in terms of the configuration, what is the value of output this crude gives to the refinery. So from there we, we compare and we accordingly source the pro. Understood, sir. I was just trying to understand for the same, um, you know, quality of crude that we had to replace the Russian crude with the via the other groups. So would it be like, uh, the current prevailing rates whether it would be on par to print or, uh, we have to pay a premium to print. I just want to understand. No, Russian crude, uh, generally they offer a discount whereas our crude they don't offer a discount that is only differential. OK, sir. But it is on a long term basis. So what would be the 10 year of this long term basis? Long term generally go for one year only. Every, every crude term contract we sign for one year. So we, we have a one year, uh, volume, uh, of the and then, yeah, yeah, not for Russian cargos but other cargoes, uh, around 55% of our import requirement generally we sign up for 1 year term contract. Got it, sir. So, also on this, uh, AP, uh, refinery, so how do we, how are we generally looking at it? So once we are almost close to a completion of Bina, we will start to work on this. How are we just trying to understand KE cycle. Probably we, we will come to a conclusion only in the month of December. By December we will have the DPR, the configuration studies, the feed studies will be over. There we will come to know what would be the cape site. Then uh we are, uh, we are a parallel we are exploring to form a JV partner. Um, after that only we'll come to know what would be the broad, but otherwise the commissioning period we are expecting around 48 months from the date of FID. Uh, we may have to start parallelly along with BA. By the time Bna we reach at the next stage and maybe if with a friendly project will kick start. OK, so, so, also, uh, Vienna, the can, can you give the product slates of the 3 million ton output? Can you give up, uh, rocket? Yeah, so it's uh is 1.2, uh, 0.45 is PP, and the remaining BTX. OK, uh, sir, also for a 26, you kind of, uh, roughly set around 19,000 cross of KE any split that you can give on this number, uh, across segments. We, we will share. We will share probably mainly it will go for CED expansion and uh Vina expansion. A little bit of amount will go for exploration activity. Uh, we will share separately again. OK, sir, sir, also LP the under recovery number that uh we are working. Includes the normal marketing margin that we would have made, uh, that is also considered as part of under recovery or that is over and above. This is, this is, for example, if we get to this entire amount that means we are insured our normal marketing. OK, OK. Sir, also on the CGD performance, can you, uh, give any update in terms of what are the current volumes, uh, like, and also any, uh, thoughts on given that the recent, uh, you know, uh, gas allocation cuts, so if anything changes for us in terms of how we are looking at it in terms of investments in this part of the business. Yeah, CG0 CGD, we are on track in terms of uh MWP program, mainly in terms of CNG stations, uh, we have achieved 139 stations almost 200% of our MWP. In terms of pipeline laying, we have almost completed 21555 kilometer in kilometer of pipeline we have achieved. This is almost 137% of MWP. We are a little bit shocked in terms of PNG domestic connection. Our target is 1 for 11 lakh, whereas our equipment is only 463, uh, only 20% only we have achieved in terms of MWP in PNG connection. In terms of the sale, uh, this quarter, uh, CNG, almost we have achieved 96 TMT for 9 month period, and the volume growth is good. Uh, we are expecting a good amount of incremental growth from the next year onwards from this particular CGD business, and CNG stations 2425, our target is 150 station and 2526 our target is 165 station and subsequent years every year around 200 CNG stations that is that is were our broader target. And we spent around 1200 ro of caps in terms of expansion during this 9 month period. Hello, uh, Mr. Somia, does that answer your question? Yeah, it does thank you. The next question is on the line of Vikashan from CLSA. Please go ahead. Hi, morning, sir. Thanks for taking my question. I have just one on this Russian discount, uh, are you talking of a number like $3 a barrel? Uh, I'm sure this is mandate to us, uh, in India. How has this number changed over the last few months or say through this calendar year? What was the broad range that it has moved at? Uh, during this year, 9 month period, there is no much change. We have started the beginning of the year around 3.5 to $4 range of discount. Now it has come down to $3 to $3.2 of discount. Uh, during this year there is no major changes, but compared to previous year earlier we used to get around $8.5 discount, uh, during FA 23, 24, uh, but during this year it is almost at the similar levels of $3 to $3.5 in the beginning of the year. So just for the sake of clarification and confirmation, this is when you, when you negotiate with them, this is the discount that you negotiate for and this is for a group that they will deliver to India. We obviously do not take any, uh, responsibility on shipping insurance, etc. etc. right? Deli, deliver, deliver, and the precondition that they should not, uh, move the, move the product in any of the tanks and vessels. And so when you come to the point of uh maybe uh your guess that it will fall from 30% of slate to 20% is that because roughly if you look at the fleet that has. Uh, you know, become, uh, more challenging for them to use that is, you know, somewhere around 20-25% of the fleet that if I remember the numbers correctly is so is that how you're guessing or that's just uh uh a kind of a very guesstimate number that you're saying that it can fall from 30% to 20% or something. No, January February we have a sufficient. Russia and cargo March window, uh, we are not that received any offer, but our guesstimate may be around 20% reduction. That means for the month of March we may get around 20% of our requirement. We maybe instead of 30% processing we may end up with 20%, but these are all only guesstimate numbers once we go to the market, once the window opens, then we have to wait and see how many cargos are available. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bank Equities. Please go ahead. Hello? Yeah Please, uh, thank you very much for taking the question. So if you look at the, uh, CGD business, uh, uh, my calculations show that you're doing about 3.5 million kgs per day. Is that correct on this 96 TMP you've done here today? Yeah, 96 TMD so that I have to work out, yeah. So if you look at the peaking of the cats then uh you see CNGri and your standalone GA, how do you see the cappets uh in a 526, 27 and 28. Yeah, we, we are, we are allocating around 3025 floor of capex for CGD business for 2526 and around 3050 floor for 2627. That is your broader capital allocation for CGD business. So when you say you are expecting uh abida positive in F 526, so on the current uh infrastructure and the addition you expect in a 526, and it affects you, you will be able to generate positive with the, uh, it's on the current gas cost because it should be in the APM gas. Yeah, so we are expecting 2526, uh, onwards the CBG is the CGD business will have a positive aitta margin. And even, even the gas allocation has come down significantly from the APM gas to market gas, but temporary basis we are not passing on the budget to the customer, but long term definitely the budget has to be passed on the customers. So by 2526 we are expecting a good amount of the better margin. So is it possible to share what kind of gas sourcing you're planning for the CT business based on the current APM gas allocation between APM gas and the market price and LNG? No, today, uh, even for the latest quarter, if you see around 49% we are getting a location and 50% is deficit PNG we are getting it from markets only. Uh, mostly, uh, on what basis we are buying, uh, RLNG, but we are exploring certain in a long term contract. Anyhow, it's a long term trend. APM gas we may not get 100%. Uh, what our shortfall of APM gas we have to map through open market. So we are exploring some long term, um, deals, uh, either a Henry hub based or some other index-based cargo share planning. Yeah, so just two more thoughts. Uh, one is, uh, if you look at your LNG and, um, uh, biogas plants and the overall change business, how do you see your, um, a rollout of LNG retail outlets in terms of caps and the volumes you, uh, are targeting and generally in biogas, what is the kind of, you know, uh, volume we expect? Uh, LNG, we have started commissioning, I think the 2 LNG station salary we have commission, and 10 are in pipeline initially yes we may not get a good amount of volume, but we are creating an infrastructure so that when all the vehicle movement happens, definitely we are there in the particular business, uh, vehicle. Uh, the cape requirement is, uh, very small compared to the overall cap size. Around 10 RNNG stations maybe it will be around 150 to 200 crore. Cas is not a big thing for RNG RNG fueling station. In terms of biofuels, our plan is we want to complete a 26 EBG plan either on our own or through JV. We have already announced to do for the incorporation of two Gs. One is with the GPS renewables, and one more GV we are in the process of getting approvals, uh, that is with the project. The capital outlay for 26 EBG plans will be around 2500 grow, um, maybe another 2 years or 3 years of time frame this project will be completed. Uh, the size of the volume, uh, will be around 100 TMT if you take maybe 200-300 TMT of gas, uh, we'll get from the CBD. OK, so in, in your, uh, renewable energy plans like O NGC is planning a listing. The PCL may also go for a listing. Uh, so are you planning to hive off your renewable energy business with separate entity? Is there any thoughts in terms of, you know, value unlocking in the renewable energy business? I know. We are, we are, we are very initial stages of, uh, creating the renewable assets. Once we reach a particular scale, then we can look at it whether housing up is a better option or keeping within the balance sheet is a better option because certain tax advantages we have if you keep it the assets within the balance sheet. So we have to wait and see once it reaches a scaling up, then we have to wait, uh, we have to see the thing gives a better, uh, uh, shareholder value or keeping in the same balance sheet to gives a better value. So one last question if I might squeezing in terms of the refining capacity, uh, in the globe and Asia, do you see any capacity closures that you expect based on the data you are getting from consultants and what are the trends you expect in terms of defining capacity, say over the next 12 years or any closure you're expecting? Whatever information what we are receiving from the consultant, there will be definitely there will be closed downs uh for refining capacity outside India, not in India, outside India, instead of meeting the net zero ambition, so many people are expecting they will be closed down. We don't know exactly what quantum of uh refinery close downs will happen, but as a trend way everyone is expecting outside India, there will be some, uh, capacity close down. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This was the last question for today's conference call. I now have the conference over to the management for their closing comments. Uh, thank you everyone for participating in the call and thank you Mr. WahaRajan. Thank you, thank you. On behalf of Antique Stockbroking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.