Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Indian Oil Corporation Limited Q3 FY 25 earnings conference call hosted by Antique Stockbroking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing, then 0 on your touchstone phone. I now hand the contents over to Mr. Watarajan Siva Sankaran from Antique Stockbroking. Thank you and over to you. Thank you Laba. A very good morning to everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome the, uh, IOCL management. We have with us and and the participants to this call. We have with us Mr. Ait Jain, Director of Finance, Mr. Arvian Bishweshwa, ED Corporate Finance, Mr. Pramo Jain, CGM Treasury, and Mr. Prabhak Maina, GM Treasury. Is that much ado, I hand over the floor to Mr. Ajay for the opening remarks. Uh, thank you. Dear investors and analyst, a very good morning and a very happy new year to all of you. I take this opportunity to welcome all of you to the conference call organized by us post announcement of the third quarter results of financial year 2425. I thank each one of you for joining the call. I believe you would have gone through the accounts hosted on the website and also through the updates received by most of you. I would like to briefly dwell on the results to provide additional clarity and insights. This quarter we have registered a profit after tax of rupees 2874 quotes. Which was rupees 180 cars in the preceding quarter. And rupees 80632 in the corresponding quarter of financial year 24. From a 9 monthly perspective, the pack is rupees 5697 code as against rupees 34,781 code in the nine months of financial year 24. Revenue firm operations during this quarter is rupees 216649 as against rupees 195149 in the preceding quarter of this year. The venues of the corresponding quarter of FI24 was rupees 223012. despite the global. Volatilities and challenges. Indiano achieved strong operational performance and historically highest sales volume. Now the operational highlights will be viewed by ED Corporate Finance and Treasury Shiri Alvi and Vishwa. Over to you, Mr. Vishwa. Thank you, sir. Good morning to all once again. It's been quite a time since we have uh interacted with you all. So I'll just share across the highlights and the performance parameters. As you all may be aware that the global financial landscape in the year 2024 was marked by significant volatility on the back of geopolitical uncertainties ranging from global inflation, ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, weakness in the Chinese economy, and the US presidential election results. We witnessed Indian rupees to depreciate to historic lows, while the Indian rupees depreciation has intensified further in January 25. However, rupee witnessed the lowest volatility against the US dollar in years and depreciated 2.9% during the calendar year 2024 against the last 10 years average of 3%, mainly due to inforcing Indian bond market after inclusion in JPMorgan index to keep USD INR stable. India's high import dependency for crude oil makes the ONC susceptible to exchange losses due to depreciation in the Indian rupee against the US dollar. On the interest rate front. Despite the US Fed initiating much awaited rate cut cycle by reducing the US Fed rate by 100 basis points in 2024. The US presidential election results kept the long-term strategies volatile and elevated. Despite the headwinds, Indian oil remains steadfast in its commitment to ensure the energy security of the nation by making available energy to every nook and corner of the country at an affordable cost. You would have seen from the data published by PBSC that petroleum products consumption in the country for the nine months ended 31st December 24. That was 178.5 MMT is higher than the corresponding period of last year, which is 172.6 MMT. As for the latest CPSC estimates published in January 25, India's petroleum product demand is projected to grow to reach an all-time high of 252.9 MMT in the next financial year at 526, marking a 4.65% increase from 241.8 MMT estimated for the current year, that is 2425. There is now a consensus among the domestic and international agencies based on the interactions which we are which we had that the demand of petroleum products in India is to grow in the coming years. To meet the increased energy demand of the nation, Indian oil is investing about rupees 72,000 crore for enhancing the standalone refining capacity by by about 25% to reach about 88 MMTP. At the same time we are also augmenting our marketing and piping infrastructure to ensure last month delivery of energy to every citizen. The company is leveraging its research capabilities to enhance Aberta and to enhance customer delight through industry first and exclusive offerings like branded fuels X300 XP 95 extra green, extra stage, niche aviation fuel like AV gas 100 LL, reference gas oil. And this is and this reference is available with select companies worldwide, niche fuel for Asian Road Racing Championship storm to take a few names. Further, in view of changing mobility preference of customers, the company is transforming its retail outlets into energy stations. These energy stations are envisioned as comprehensive energy solutions along national highways and green expressways, offering a range of fuel options including conventional transport fuel, LNG, CNG, and charging station for EVs. The company's CRM solutions have been embedded across its petroleum and petrochemicals marketing segments. He has a customer centric digital platform, Epic electronic platform for internal customers, which provides unified customer experience for all its line of business. On the sustainability front, while as the energy of India, Indian oil is strengthening the self-lines and energy sovereignty of India by investing in conventional fuels, the corporation is steadfast in its unwavering commitment of sustainable and bright future. Indian oil is fueling its ascent and clean energy transition by venturing to a range of alternative energy solutions around natural gas, CBG, biofuels, hydrogen, and e-mobility. Which will be shaping the future and the landscape of the world. Indian oil is steadfast in achieving net zero plan by the year 2046. The company has aimed to elevate the contribution to the sector from the present 9% to 12.5% by the year 2050. plans to build a renewable energy portfolio of 31 gigawatt by 2030 by developing large scale renewable energy capacities for serving its captive power demand and with focus on market demand opportunities and has formed a wholly owned subsidiaryle Limited which would invest in cutting its technologies to create a more efficient, sustainable and low low carbon energy ecosystem in India. Collaboration have also been forged with leading companies like NTBC Green Energy Limited and SJIV Limited to infuse green power for refinery expansions and expand the renewable energy booking. We are working to deliver 20% of all blended fuel by this year and has achieved a small blending of about 18.2%. We are also working on advanced biofuels through its 2G 3G plans at Panikot. A sustainable aviation fuel plant of 86.8 GMT per annum capacity is being set up by Hanipat. Indian Oil is the first company in India to sell CBG under the Indie Green brand to customers through 97 retail outlets in 3 plans. Indian oil has been leading the nation harnessing hydrogen and its application of the ultimate sustainable energy of the future. Indian is reinforcing the hydrogen ecosystem and developing a 10 KTA green hydrogen plant at Panipat refinery. To promote hydrogen mobility, we have set up India's first hydrogen dispensing station at our R&D center in Faridabad, followed by a station in Gujarat refinery. Indian oil is undertaking trial run of 15 number fuel cell buses in Deania to promote green hydrogen and fuel cell technology in heavy duty e-mobility. Our collaborations with industry leaders like Renew and LNT will strengthen the green hydrogen ecosystem in India. The collaborations with leading Israeli e-mobility company Finnergy to develop and commercialize mobile aluminum air battery technology and with the global energy storage company Sun Mobility Singapore for creating battery swapping infrastructure in the country are significant strides towards culturing e-mobility ecosystem in the nation. As we step into 2025, we're optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead of us. Now while talking about the numbers on the key highlights. The average price of crude Indian basket 76 to buy in 20 rent during this quarter. Was at $73.86 per barrel. A reduction of about 6% from the average price of the immediate preceding quarter that is quarter to 525 that was $78.89 per barrel. If you compare on a corresponding quarter basis. In quarter 3 of 2024 it was $83.86 per barrel. There is a reduction of 12%. Various geopolitical factors starting from the imposition of Russia sanctions by the US and uncertainty over the impact of US presidential President Donald and Trump's energy policies. And proposed tariffs on the market have kept the crude oil prices volatile. With respect to the crack spreads. Indian basket $1 per barrel. Hammer cracks has marginally improved during this quarter at $3.2 million per barrel as compared to the previous quarter of $3.04 per barrel. Cracks are a little lower than the corresponding quarter of 2324 which was at $3.47 per barrel. For HSD, the crackpress during this quarter. It's $12.19 per barrel and have out performed the preceding quarter it was $9.77 per barrel. however. The cracks are lower than the corresponding quarter of F I 2024, which was at $20.58 per barrel. In the petrochemical space, the spread of major products have witnessed a mixed variance over the last one year. The sprays of polymers have remained more or less similar. The spread of PTA has witnessed a sharp decline and the spreads for MEG file has improved but still continues to be negative. The weak global economic outlook and new capacities continue to be high on the petrochemical prices globally. Now let me briefly touch upon the major verticals. First I'll touch upon refine this. The throughput during the quarter was 18.1 MMT with a capacity utilization of 102.3%, which is higher than the preceding quarter, which was 16% MMT of a capacity utilization of 94.5%, but. was slightly lower than the corresponding quarter of 2324 which was at 18.5 MT having a capacity of 105.14. The distilled yield was at 82.2% during this quarter, which is the same as the previous quarter, 82.2%, but Better than the corresponding quarter of F5 2324, which was at 80.5%. Funer loss during this quarter was 8.7% whereas. During the preceding quarter it was 9.2%. Our refineries have registered GRM of $2.95 per barrel during this quarter as compared to $1.59 per barrel during the previous quarter. For the 9 months, 24 $25 or $3.69 per barrel was vis a vis the 9 months for 2024, which was $13.26 per barrel. The normalized GRM after the stripping off inventory impact and factoring the price like for the quarter is $6.60 per barrel as against $3.13 per barrel for the previous quarter. If you compare on a 9 monthly basis, the normalized GRM for the current 9 months is $4.22 per barrel as against $12.62 per barrel in the corresponding period of last year. Now coming to pipelines. The capacity utilization was about 69.6% during this quarter as compared to 69.1% in the previous quarter throughput. Of 24.9 MMT in the quarter 3. Of 5 24 25 vis a 24 MMT in the quarter two of. F 5 24 25. As on 31 December 24, Indian oil has a total pipeline network of more than 18,500 kilometers, including product and crude oil, which accounts for more than 50% of the total pipeline network of the country. The large pipeline network provides strategic access to the markets and helps reduce the cost of placement of products. Now touching upon marketing. Indian oil, I'll add to say has achieved the highest ever sale of petroleum products during the quarter of 23.38 MMT as compared to 20.5 MMT in the previous quarter. It is the highest ever in the history of Indianois for any particular quarter. On a 9 monthly basis, sales have improved. That is uh 66.61 M 9 months of 24, 25 years are 65.66 MMT in the 9 months of the previous year. On the petrochemical site. The sale of pem products during this quarter was 0.89 FMT. As compared to 0.77 MMT in the preceding quarter. Sales for quarter 3 524. was 0.687 MMT. On a 9 monthly basis, Fed comes sales in a 9 month FY 25. Was 2.4 407 MMT was more than the sales recorded in 9 months of FY 24, which was 2.245MT. Now touching on the boardings. With respect to the borrowing levels, the borrowings, as on 31st December 24th has increased by about 15,000 crore. And is at 131,480 closes as compared to 116,490 closed as on 3 March 2024. If you compare, however, it has reduced. By about 11,000 crows from the previous quarter. The increasing warnings is mainly fueled by LP and the recoveries, higher working capital, however, on a quarter on quarter basis. This deal because uh the decrease of 11,000 ros was and uh. Was there because in the previous quarters 142,0727 cro the decreases mainly attributed to increased accruals. With the current debt to equity ratio of 0.77 as the 31 December 24, Indian oil is comfortably placed to fund the ongoing capex plans. With this I'll pause here And request uh to finance to address. Any further remarks, any queries? No, I think we can start the question answers. Uh, we can take on the questions now. Yes, yes, please. Thank you very much. You will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use sunsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Probal from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. Very good morning, sir. Uh, 2 or 3 questions. Firstly, as far as the Russian crude situation is concerned, just wanted a sense of how much percentage of our, uh, food sourcing in Q3 was from Russian crude, uh, and at what discount to benchmarks that can be shared and what is the Q4 situation looking like at this point in time. OK, uh, during the financial year 2425 up to December, the Kura import accounted for nearly 25% of IOC's total cura imports. OK and uh yeah. And the discounts, uh, we were getting up to December in the range of uh benchmark would minus 3. And but now the discounts have come down. In the range of benchmark would minus 1 to 1.5. OK Got it, got it. Uh, the second question, sir, is it possible to share, uh, the inventory impact in the marketing segment for this quarter? See, we have the total impact, uh, uh, for the, uh, which we have suffered. I think I will share you the impact, uh, with the, the total impact with you basically if compared quarter 3 to quarter 3. The impact is on the account. Last year we had an inventory gain. This year we have an entry loss, so the incremental difference is uh 7800 codes. 7800 colors. So that is the swing from Q3 to Q2. OK, and the third question was with respect to the expansion plans which uh you mentioned about reaching 88 million in capacity on an apex of 72,000 per row. Can we get a little bit granularity which plants are soft to be expanded and whether any petrochemical capacity will also be added alongside this refining capacity? Yeah, I can share with that. See, as you know that the Internal has, uh, gone for expansion for three major refinery units. OK, we are adding 25% of our, uh, throughput capacity. The one is the expansion in Panipat where from 15 M MTPA we are going to 25 MMTTA. This is the 38,000 words project. And uh the expected uh completion is the end of uh financial year 2526. OK, uh, which we are going for the extension of our Gujarat refinery. It is almost a 19,000 covered project scheduled completion date is again the last quarter of the financial year 25/26. And the third expansion, what is going on is the Brownie refinery expansion which is from 6 M MTPA to 9 M MTPA. This is also a 14,800 codes project and the completion is uh underway as on date. It, it will also happen, uh, after a gap of, uh, between 1 or 2 years. Yes, so these are the three major expansions happening in the refining, uh, capacities and the other thing what we are adding is, as you know that, uh, today we have our petrochemical intensity we are focusing on. So the major for that what we are doing is today is uh. So basically apart from the refund extension, they the even the petrochemical intensity will go up in all these projects. OK, as far as the pure petrochemical units are concerned, we are at present going, uh, PXPT at Pala deep. That is a 13,800 codes of projects and it is also expected to come in the next financial year. Then we have another other projects like uh. Uh, polypoloni Gujarat Panipat. Uh, we have so many, uh, other projects coming in the various units of Ideal. So a lot of cats are being done. Uh, last year we done a cat of almost 40,000 codes, and this year we plan to do a catax of 35,000 codes. Then we said this is that 525 the full year, right? Yeah, financial year 2425 years, so we will be spending one more time. And how much have you spent in 9 months, sir? We have almost spent 28,000 codes up to December. OK. Thank you so much, sir. I, I Thank you so much. I'll come back if I have more questions. Thank you so much. OK OK OK thank you. Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Patel from the Dollar Capital. Please go ahead. Thanks for telling my question, sir. Sir, we wanted to more on the Russian crude side. Uh, do we have any long term oil sourcing contracts with the Russian supplier? And for these recent sanctions, what would be the impact on the contract? That's one thing. And sir, uh, what is the current crude sourcing arrangement? How much is the long term, short term? If you could share, uh, percentage terms, that would be helpful. That's one. See, I will share with you that uh no, if you see in 1920. Uh, we almost used to buy very negligible, almost 0%, uh, good from Russia. And it uh does 21% after the crisis we started taking 21% in 20223 and uh 2324 we does almost 30%. And uh but this year April to December 24, we have uh processed 25% ration code as on date. So this is a position of processing the Russian code over the past 5 years. OK, so, and, uh, see, as far as we have been, uh, quite vocal in this that, uh, see Indian oil, uh, has many markets to procure the crude oil. Whether it is Middle East, Africa, America, Russia, and many other markets are there, so we try to buy the good from whichever market which gives us the cheapest. In 1920 we never used to buy a single drop but suddenly we got up to 30%. Now, uh, if the, uh, scenario changes, we already have the markets. There's no depth of, uh, crude oil availability in the world. Uh, Only the commercial experts are to be seen at what discount we used to get the version code before if due to new sanctions discounts come up or the quantity comes down, we already have a term contracts with various Middle Eastern, uh, countries. Uh, through which we will be able to get enough food for the company. Sir, uh, let me quickly reframe the question. Uh, so my question was like that, do we have any long term sourcing contracts with the Russian supplier for the calendar year 2025 and, uh, for these sanctions, will it impact on our any long term contract, if any, uh, yeah, that's the question. For, uh, financial year 2425, we do not have any term contract with version, uh, for good, so, uh, the second question does not, uh, you know, because we are not going to be getting backed. OK, sir, second question from my side, as you, uh, just mentioned that Pani was squarely and Baroni refinery expansion will mechanically be ready by 2526. But sir, our question is mostly on the commissioning when it will get, uh, fully. Commission and it will start contributing to our uh uh profit and loss account statement uh mostly on the Ebita contribution. When can we expect will it be in 527 or it will take much more time and it will be reflecting in FY 28. See, as on date, uh, our commissioning, uh, targets, I will tell you for, uh, Panipa commissioning is by December 25. OK, but as you know, any new refund will take some time to get stabilized. So the income, uh, the first year, uh, maybe 50% to 60%, suppose it comes in the December 25, so 25 26% doesn't happen anything. 2627. The definitely the we finally will start and uh normally if we have seen the first year you touch almost 50 to 60% and uh 100% takes minimum two years to achieve. Same is the case with the other things where uh for even the Gujarat refinery, uh, it is expected to be commissioned in the last quarter of financial year 2526, so some, uh, revenues will start coming in 26, 27. But the full blown income will start coming in 27, 28. In case of a baroni, sir, uh, commissioning expected in which quarter? The Brown expansion as on date, uh, we are saying that it is going to again in the next financial event and, uh, although, uh, it may happen in stages but definitely all the three refineries are almost, uh, coming in the same fashion today. So the full contribution will most likely come in FR 28. Is that a correct understanding? No, I think so since it will be commissioned in next last quarter of next financial year, maybe some good input will be done in the last last quarter, and yes, major input will be coming in 26, 27. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir. This was really helpful. OK, thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Summit Rohara from Smart Sun Capital Private Limited. Please go ahead. Uh hi, sir. Very good morning to you and your entire IOC team. It's very nice of you to, you know, restart, uh, having the, uh, conference calls, and it, it's very encouraging to have a chat with you. So today, my questions are more to you with as an investor other than an analyst because I mean we have several analysts, you know, who are going to ask you on cracks and, uh, you know, uh, through report, etc. So sir, uh, I mean, I'm gonna have a very candid conversation with you, uh, you know, as an investor, so. Hey, you know, I was the 3rd most of, uh, valuable company in terms of sales in India, OK, but our market cap has now, uh, you know, slipped down to number 46. No, sir, because clearly from an investor point of view, you know, this is absolutely unwarranted, and I also understand that, you know, our S team royal minister had a meeting with all the and and investors and unfortunately I couldn't make it there, uh, because you're obviously concerned on market cap. So the first thing, uh, which I would like to highlight to you is today, so LBG on the recovery of 14. 1000 grows. I mean our, our profit is about 5000, uh, 5500 grow, but sir, LPG on the recovery is 14,000. No, sir, you know how I mean how can we ever get market cap, uh, you know, you know, if you don't get our earnings in order, I mean today, uh, if you adjust for the LPG, your earnings are OK, but 1980, 1,920,000 is very good. You would also have paid a good dividend by now, but today you've not even paid dividend, you know, so sir this practice of the LPG and the recovery, uh, you know, of. You know, absorbing this, uh, you know, it, it's not leaving a very sweet food because today we have lost, uh, a staggering 95,000 crows in market cap. I mean, I repeat, sir, from the high to today we have lost 95,000 crows on the off our market cap. Now, sir, this is investors wealth which is gone, you know, and, uh, I mean, you know, LPG prices were cut in March of last year and, uh, you know, if the government is not paying till now, then, uh, you know, sir, how is it going to. Benefit, uh, you know, shareholders of, uh, uh, you know, uh, public sector. I mean just to give you a small example, public sector stocks have had the biggest bull run in India today, you know, if you see over the last 34 years, I mean, stocks in defense, railways, I mean they have 1015, 20X so the oil and gas space is completely, you know, uh, absent in this entire valley because of, you know, policy uncertainty or earning visibility. So my humble request to you is we are a very valuable company, I mean. We are the number 3 company in sales in India, but sir, you know, our market cap at 170,000 products surely does not deserve it from an investor angle. So sir, I would really request you that, you know, please, uh, you know, have a look at some of the issues because you are doing extremely well in sales. You are doing extremely well, you know, in your report, you're doing extremely well, sir. ultimately, as an investor, so we are concerned with market cap because we come to make returns, you know, from our for our investors. But in spite of backing India's best companies, if you don't make returns because of LPG and. Recovery then, sir, you know it is not doing justice to anyone's causes. So that's my honest, uh, you know, uh, feedback to you is that, sir, please have a very serious candidate look and please communicate this, you know, to the relevant authorities. You know that, uh, you know, these LPG on the recovery clouting earnings, clouting dividends, you know, the earnings visibility is not coming in because of which, uh, you know, we are losing out. So my request is, so if you can get that issue addressed, you know, it will go a long way in building our market cap. Just one thing, sir, you know, today our total asset is 4. 85,000 grows. I mean that is a staggering asset base you have, but market cap is 13, you know, so please, I humbly request to, sir, please have a look at this issue because this is something which will rate it. The budget is coming up now. It is a God-given opportunity for you. Please, uh, uh, you know, have the issue addressed. That is my only request you. Otherwise, sir, you are doing very well. I have nothing to tell you because you guys are a very superb management team in place. But sir, the LPG on the recovery is something which is clouting us in a very, very bad way, sir. Thank you very much. Well thank you Sumi for your, you know, guidance to us. Uh, I would say the only thing I would have loved you if you would have been in Mumbai when the honorable minister had the investors meet. He had clearly mentioned it. Unfortunately I could not make it because it was only a one day notice that you know we got the invite. But however, sir, I have tried to communicate this because, sir, today I'll be honest to you our heart bleeds yeah I mean when market caps of, uh, you know, Indian oil bar petroleum and Hindus and petroleum at these prices it's clearly. Not warranted, yeah, you know, I mean, think about it. I mean, how can the three market caps of the three companies which supply 90% of India's will be at 3 grow? I mean, they're absolutely unwarranted and it is being suppressed just because of, you know, this issue of LP gender recovery. Think about it. Sorry, today LP gender recovery was not there. Would these companies be trading at these market caps? So, sir, you know, by not paying the LPG under recovery, the biggest damage the government is doing is to itself, you know. So I really am, I'm astonished that, uh, you know, why is this happening. Because, sorry, I mean it's in front of your, your eyes, right? I mean we've not paid dividend until today, you know, I mean your throughput may go up by 25%, but if your bottom line does not show that, you know, it's not going to really benefit from an investor point of view, right, because you see you're holding investor calls for for investors, right? But sir, ultimately. You know, I mean this is something which you can handle, and I'm sure that that the government, you know, if you guys go and explain to the government, they say that boss, we are minority investors and you know minority investors are suffering because of this, you know, I'm sure they'll get away and you know and everything will come back because Indinois doesn't deserve this market so that's my only request to you, you know. No, I will only say one thing that you know, due to various government initiatives to provide LPG at affordable prices to market, OMCs sell LPG at subsidized rates and thereafter seek reimbursement of these subsidies from government. And this is a controlled product. Ministry is doing their part. And in that if you have seen in the past also they have fully uh there is against uh you know 28,000 under recovery negative buffer we were given 22,000 code, uh, subsidy by government to the other OMCs and, uh, as we have discussed that day also government is fully seized of this matter. And uh they have uh said that uh they are discussing this matter internally and definitely they are going to support uh all marketing companies on this aspect so I feel that it's a timing difference. Yes, uh, on quarter to quarter basis, uh, there may be wide variation, but if you see, uh, you will see very soon that uh some good announcement will be coming and because government sees of this matter. So I cannot give any timelines, uh, on this regard when it will come and how much, but definitely, uh, the statement has been that the government is seized of this matter and definitely, uh, uh, subsidy will be given to OMCs. So I, I mean, I, I, I, I, I will request you once again that so please, I mean if this is the only thing which is basically affecting us, otherwise you guys are doing a splendid job. You are doing something which is exemplary. You have achieved that, you know, excellent sales, uh, you guys are doing a wonderful role for the country, for the people, but sir, also to do something for your investors and shareholders, yeah, because ultimately, sir, I mean today you see, uh, all the OMCs are available at. If I will add only one thing if you see the past 10 years return. I have given a return of almost uh if you put together my capital requisition and dividends almost a return of 18% and the other major company in the oil and gas sector is also given 18%. So maybe on quarter to quarter basis, uh, my, uh, profitability gets affected, but if you see the long term view. About the company, our returns are not less than the other biggest oil and gas private sector oil and gas company in the country. So I think I want to emphasize on this point that we, uh, whenever you see a national oil company like Indian oil. We have been rewarding the shareholders maybe uh on a quarter to quarter basis we may not be able to give you the exact expected returns, but over the years we have given reasonable dividends, reasonable capital appreciation, good bonuses from time to time to get a good returns to our stakeholders. Yeah Yeah, no, sir, that that point is actually taken, but your potential is to do much more. So if these issues are addressed, you can be a far, far more precious company in terms of market cap. That's my only point which I want to highlight. I take this point very positively. Thank you very much. Thank thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vivek Annan from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. Hello, thank you very much, uh, IOC team for doing this call. Uh, my, uh, two questions. One of them is on directly limited. Your, uh, fiscal 24th annual report mentions an investment plan of around 5000 growth for the establishment of 1 gigawatt renewable capacity. Uh, but sir, your target by fiscal 31 is 31 gigawatts. So could you give us some more details on the road map to get to 31 gigawatts by 531. And uh the investment outlay needed and thirdly, the business model on the renewable side that is my first question. I'll ask the second one after you answer this. See, uh, you are fully, uh, know, on track that, uh, we have a target of 31, uh, gigawatts. Uh, but the only thing is, uh, we have a mix of, uh, organic route to achieve that. We will be doing this capacity along with our JV partners also, and we will also achieving this target through merger and acquisition. So we have multiple strategies to achieve this. And uh Terareen is one of when uh in which 100% subsidiary company of in the no where the tender for 1 gigawatt is already out, OK, for another uh 4 gigawatt work is in progress. We have also done a joint venture agreement with NTPC Green and that is also going in a much faster way. So, uh, we have multiple strategies to achieve this target and, uh, I'm only to say that, uh, uh, once, uh, see today if you see, uh, every company is, uh, you know, starting its journey, so we have already started this journey two years back, in fact, and we are on track to achieve our targets. Both organically and organically merger acquisition to JD companies in this manner. I can also share with you that, uh, a broad, uh, I, I would say only broad numbers that uh 6 to 7 uh gigawatt would be done through our organic. Another, uh, major, uh, portion will be coming to GV routes. First, it has already happened with NDPC. We have other MOU signed by with various, uh, renewable companies, and we are having a discussion with them, and another 5 to 6 gigawatt will happening to mergers and acquisitions. Alright, this is very helpful, sir. So is there any intermediate target, let's say next 2 years, 3 years in terms of capacity, or, uh, if, if not, that's also fine. No, we have a target for the uh 31 only. OK, my second question is after these refinery expansions, you will be, uh, on, on an overall network you will be at 88 MMTPA. Uh, at a group level and your marketing throughput, uh, network throughput is around 9293 MMTPA. So will you be further undertaking refinery KE or is this the last stage of it? See, as of now, these are the 3 major board approved projects, but definitely, uh, we will keep on scouting for any project. If it gives me the desired returns. OK, you have seen other OMC have also gone ahead with their new refinery, and we are also scouting for them, but only if we get a design returns out of the new investments. But as of date, these are the three major expansion happening in the company. Right. Thank you very much for the detailed answer and once again I really appreciate you taking the time out to do this call. Thank you. Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bank Equities. Please go ahead. Uh, thank you very much. Uh, it's a pleasure to listen to you, and, uh, we request you to continue with every quarter if you can. Uh, so the first thought is you're looking at your investments in, uh, refining and petrochemicals. Uh, what is your, uh, long term, uh, target in terms of ROC and when do you think you will get, uh, visibility on the improvement in, uh, finding margins and petrocomters since you're committing very large, you know, amount of capital. We can uh give your thoughts on that and then I would also like to have some insight in terms of the progress you are expecting in the standalone CGD geographic areas and when you will expect that capex, uh, to generate a positive. I have just answered that question that uh see as far as the final extensions are coming part income will start coming from 26, 27. And from 2728, uh, hopefully, uh, the major income will start coming back to the company on our investments done this in I I understand that I what I am trying to look at is the from the perspective of investors. It has to generate a certain ROC which have been delivering in the last few years. So given the weak trends in margins, you'd like to know what is your reading of, uh, when you get the kind of margins required to generate, say uh 12 to 15% ROC. That's what one is trying to understand. It's very difficult to predict the margin as such everybody knows that. See, but once you can see over the long term basis, uh, refinery crash go up and down. You have seen um how since past one year the cracks have come down. So this is part and parcel of our industry where the margins sometimes go very high and sometimes the margins come down. So if you see, uh, even the HSG crack has, uh, visa was 2324 is down by 50% in HSG itself. Same is the case with MS. OK, but so it keeps on fluctuating whenever we do any projects, we, uh, do a 3 year averaging 5 years, 7 years. We see the 5 years, so it keeps an up and down, but definitely all the projects what company does does definitely is way above our cost of capital. So, uh, that is a basic, uh, you know, strategy of the company. All these extensions should happen provided it gives me returns beyond my cost of capital. So I'm very optimistic that when whenever these finally will come there will be some time where the margins will not be very high, sometimes the margins will be very high, but on a long term basis, uh, since there's enough demand in the country. We should get reasonable returns on our investment. So your thoughts on your CGD investments when you start the webinar and can also give us some insight on any plans to monetize any of your subsidiaries in green energy or the pipelines that'll be great. See, I will say, see, I, I will see at present is having 26 GGA. And uh it is spread across India. And we have also 49 years along with our joint venture companies so we have a good, uh, you know, exposure to the CGD business as on date. A totals. Will be uh on our GA itself will be almost 20,000 codes. See, now that as far as the profitabilities of these are concerned. Uh, we expect that, uh, uh, that we will be becoming a better positive in next financial year. Although the cap will be spent over the past many years, uh, it is the cap is going to continue from up to 34. September 34, but uh we will start becoming a better positive from next year. And this is a growing business where we are focusing in a big way. And uh any thoughts on monetizing your green energy subsidiary or uh pipelines or any other arm of your business? See, it will be too premature to commit anything over on call, but definitely we have seen other companies monetizing their investments in the green portfolio after receiving a minimum size. So we are yet to achieve that size. So as soon as soon as possible we achieve that size, definitely, uh, we would be, uh, seeing any opportunity in this regard. See, there are many things, uh, uh, there's a dual taxation concept, so there's GST issues. So many issues are there before we take on that, but definitely it is one of the long term strategy for the company. So how much within the last question, so in terms of the rewindary modernization, can you give us a sense in terms of any residual, uh, any, uh, benefits from residual upgradation, uh, and, uh, any thoughts you have on your new business? See, your business is one of the profitable business for any refining company. So we are what so like J18 apart from the refining edition, it is also, uh, going to add my uses L will be a stock. So we are adding pet cam. We are adding views in any other expansions. So there's no definite answer to your query, but I would say any expansion which is happening is taking into account our additional need of uh base oils. And uh additional uh feed for the petrochemical units. And on any upset and gross refining margins from many bottoms of gradation you may be doing in your refinery expansion. Yeah, yeah, definitely, uh, all the extensions are being done with the latest technology, so the funding margins will go up voided it is depending on the international class which we we will at that time. So what is the yield improvement you can expect based on the bottoms upgradation from the current yield? See if you see the pannier. OK, my year, uh, upgradation is definitely going to happen. I can give you the data subsequent to that. OK sir, uh thank you very much and wish you all the best. Thank you. OK, thank you. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, please limit your questions to one. Next question is from the line of Amit Muarka from Axis Capitals. Please go ahead. Uh yeah, hi, uh, good morning. Uh, so, uh, I just wanted to check firstly, uh, what was the marketing inventory loss in the 3 months and 9 months if you can provide. We have already, I have shared in the beginning itself the total uh the Q3. The inventory resources uh put together both code and marketing were in the range of 5200 codes. Sure, and 9 months if you could provide. 9 months is almost 5500 codes. Got it. Uh, and, uh, how you joined the call a little later. Have you also provided the keys for 25 and 26? Yes, I have shared my capex for 2526. 33,000 so the capex would be 3 33,000. In 26 5 26. Yeah, next year. Sure, uh, uh, also, I think, uh, on pet game side, uh, I think some discussion has already happened, uh, but just checking like, uh, given that, uh, there is so much of, uh, I mean, uh, uh, drag in the spread that you're seeing for quite some time and it seems more. Structure now, um, like, have you given any thought when you're kind of evaluating pet can expansions in your new refineries, uh, what kind of assumptions you're doing like taking when you build in the IR for such projects? I just wanted to understand that as well. See, uh, we understand that, uh, petca Mas is a cyclical trend, OK, but one thing is for sure that there's a huge demand in India. A lot of imports are happening in India. Petchem sector is expected to grow by 11% to 12% per annum. OK, today it is a 51 billion in 21, it will become double. 200 billion in 27 and by 2040 it is expected to touch 400 billion so there's a huge potential of petrochemicals in the country. A lot of imports are happening, so definitely we are going to, we are investing a lot of, uh, our cats and pet can cycle, and we hope that, uh, there may be some cycles where the means will come down, but definitely from time to time in the past we have seen we get a reasonable good margins in petan. So this is a long term strategy of the company. No, I, I agree with you on the demand side. I was only wondering that simply because like we are doing after this pet cam, which frankly is a higher cost feed stock now compared to it. So is there any kind of, uh, longer term, uh, what kind of options you're taking basically on the spreads simply because it's also a structural issue while the cyclical, but the thing to NAFTA is a structural issue. So, uh, I mean, I'm not so sure about the recovery of margin going back to older levels. So I just wanted to understand that for that. Uh, what kind of assumptions you're taking when you're doing IRA for these projects? See, if you understand, we have 10 refineries and we have a lot of excess NAFTA in our system. So instead of exporting it, it is much better to use that NAFTA to have a NAFTA-based, uh, cracker in our system. OK, so but we are not averse to have an alternate, uh, uh, cracking, uh, also like heating based or we have a that can also be done but in for us for a refining companyAFTA basedAFTA crack is a very good, uh, uh, option with us actually. OK, OK, sure, yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Please limit your questions to one. The next question is from the line of the car from CLSA. Please go ahead. Hi sir, thanks for taking my question. This is, uh, coming back to Russian crude, uh, so the question was, after these sanctions, you did mention that 9 months you 25% of the crude intake is Russian crude. After this sanction in FY 26, do you, where do you see this number settling down? Could it be? Far lower could it be sub 10% kind of Russian group based on whatever you can see at this point of time it will be very difficult to give any specific percentage, but one thing is what we are witnessing is. Uh, we are getting the impact as on date because of the new sanctions. But uh it takes time whenever the new sanctions come, it takes some time for the entire oil and gas industry to stabilize. So if you ask me today in Jan 205 whether I got impacted I would say yes, but definitely I had a past contract. So for Jan and Feb we have a reasonable intake for the month of March. Yes, whatever I thought it is not going to come in the same quantity, but what will happen in the April, May, June onwards, we feel that, uh, because as such Russian code is not sanctioned. If you see only the entities, the two entities have been sanctioned. And few vessels have been sanctioned, so as such there is no total deb on the Russian code. So we expect and we are, we are expecting that version code is going to come, but definitely we will, we will only buy if it comes at a reasonable discount to us visa with my other, uh, procurement because whenever we procure Russian food it is coming in the small size vessels and whenever, whenever we buy food from middle each others it is coming in a very VLCC sort of uh tankers. So the freight advantage is sometimes overweigh my other discounts. So we will see uh on month to month which is uh how we will be able to buy it. So sir, uh, when we say I think the discount right now is about $3 or so, uh, right, so that is a landed discount adjusted for the fact that you are using a less efficient vessel and all of those things that's the landed that is when we say $3 or so discount that's what is landed in India, right? is that. Uh, the broad, uh, yeah, that, that's we're comparing it to landed basis, right? But that even the 3 has come down to 2 now, no? OK. And so if you were to adjust for the quality anyways Russia could require needs to be at a discount or used to be at a discount, say before at about 1 $1.5 right? So I mean if it comes down to. Sub 2 then automatically it becomes less attractive, isn't that the case? See, I see, we have a very, very robust, I think we optimization package, uh, soft package, uh, in Indian oil where we have configured 10 refineries, 30,000 kilometers worth of pipelines, all of the marketing installations. They can produce, when to produce, what is the demand from where the product will come at what price, what tank, DAP FOB. So we have all the, uh, factors we uh we factor in, and we have a very good, uh, optimization package which comes out. What is the most optimum code to be bought at what time? So whether it is X, Y, Z, all goods for us are equal. Some quality parameters will be different, so it will get a advantage in our package if it is, uh, not having a good quality. It will in any case get valued accordingly. So it's a very detailed, uh, exercise what we are doing day in day out. Sure, sure. OK, sir, thank you, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's call. I now hand the cons over to the management for closing comments. Yeah, uh, thank you, uh, thank you, everyone, uh, thank you, uh, to all the investors and analysts, uh, for joining the call. We thank everyone. Uh, I also want to thank everyone. I would say that despite the global headwinds inflicted by global inflation, ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. Weakness in uh other major economies. And the US presidential elections weakening domestic currency against the US. Internal has still performed exceptionally stood tall. And given a reasonable good results quarter quarter 3 despite facing inventory losses and exchange losses in the quarter 3, thank you. I will end my briefing here. Thank you. On behalf of Indian Oil Corporation Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.