Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the F5 24 Mango Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited earnings conference call hosted by UBS Securities. This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the list no new mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 100 on a touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ahmed Rustai from UBS Securities. Thank you and all to you, sir. Uh, thank you. Uh, good morning everyone. I'm Amit Sagi, executive director of research with UBS Securities. On behalf of UB Securities, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY 24 earnings call of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited. We have the pleasure of having with us today the senior management, uh, of MRPL represented by Mr. MS Kamath, managing director, Mr. Vivek Taukar, director of finance and CFO, Mr. Sanjay Verma, director refinery, Mr. BHP Prasad ED Projects, and Mr. Yogesh Nayak, head of finance. I welcome the entire team of MRPL. Uh, to be with us now, I would like to hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks which will be followed by a Q&A session. Thank you, sir, and over to you. Uh, thank you, Amit. Uh, good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining today's call. I am Vivek Togoer, director of finance and CFO of MRPL. I trust all of you are all well. As uh Amit has already mentioned, I have over here with me, uh, our managing director Mr. Sham Prasad Kama, our director refinery, Mr. Sanjay Varma, our ED projects, Mr. BHP Prasad, and our head of finance, Mr. Yogesh Nai, along with our, uh, finance team over here. Today I will discuss our financial and operational results for the past quarter, Q4, outline our strategic initiatives and explain how these efforts align with our long term objectives. We will also explore the challenges and opportunities we anticipate as we move forward. Let us begin with our financial performance for the quarter ending 31st March 2024. In Q4, we achieved a gross refining margin of $11.35 per barrel, a significant improvement from $5 per barrel in the Q3 of financial year $2324. For the fiscal year 2324, our GRM stood at $10.36 per barrel, better than the GRM of $9.88 per barrel for the previous year. Consequently, for Q4 of financial year 20324, the PBT profit before tax and PAT profit after tax numbers stand at rupees 1766 crore and rupees 1137 crore respectively. On operational basis, MRPL has posted the highest ever CBT and PAT in the financial year 20324. The PBT for the financial year 2324 stands at rupees 5,521 crore, which is 30% higher than the PBT of rupees 44239 crore last financial year. Similarly, profit after tax for the financial year 20324 stands at rupees 3,596 cro, which is 36% higher than the profit after tax of rupees 2,638 cro last financial year. The net worth of the company has increased to rupees 13,251 crore from rupees 9,835 crores in the last financial year, a 35% increase year on year. Additionally, the company prepaid some of the high interest bearing loans in the last financial year, amounting to rupees 3,183 ros. Total loan repayment in the financial year 2324 was rupees 5,0058 crore. The debt equity ratio has therefore improved from 1.70 as on 31st March 2023 to 0.94% as on 31st March 2024. Coming to the physical performance, the company achieved a throughput of 4.6 billion metric tons in Q4 of financial year 20324. This is the highest throughput ever in Q4 for the company. Further, the throughput for the whole fiscal year 20324 stands at 16.59 million metric tons. And this is the second highest ever despite a major planned shutdown which occurred during Q2 of financial year 20324. MRPL also posted highest ever distilled yield of 79.27% in Q4 of 2324. The yield for the financial year 2324 stands at 78.77% versus an already high number of 78.11% in financial year 22, 23. The fuel and loss reported was. Lesser at 10.46% for Q4 and 11.02% for the fiscal year 2324 versus. 11.13% in the fiscal year 22, 23. The company also constantly focused on bringing in value to diversified group sources and hence procured and processed free new crudes during the year. The 3 crews were Siberian light from Russia. KGD6 crude from Reliance BP's Ruby SPSO East Coast of Kakinada, India during February 24 and KG 98 crude from ONDC's East Coast block during March 2024. MRPL has further enhanced the capacity of desalination plant from 30 MLD to 40 mLD and hence now is not dependent on river water during the summer months. This move has paved the way for MRPL to constantly run on consistent throughput throughout the year. MRPL also won many accolades to its name during the year. Notable awards were Best Innovation and refinery Award in Energy Technology mid 2023. Gem StarBuer Award from Government of India. MRPL also became the first AS 9100 certified refinery in India and internationally recognized certification for ATF production and distribution. The certificate established the best practices followed by MRPL with respect to ATF production and distribution. Coming to marketing, MRL achieved the mark of 100 retail outlets in the financial year 20324. The average sale for retail outlet is around 150 kiloliters per month, which is higher than the industry average. Totally, we sold 154,000 kiloliters of product, earning 76 crores over the RDP. We, as we, as we are there we have currently got 103 retail outlets already functioning. We have also started manufacturing and marketing mineral turbine and oil MTO from Q4 onwards. MTO is a key raw material used in paint industry. We are excited about our strategic direction for the future. Significant planning is underway for new projects aimed at enhancing our refineries GRM by enhancing the pets intensity from the current 10% to 12.5%. We anticipate an investment of approximately 8000 crore over the next 5 years primarily funded through internal accruals. We are also planning to launch some of the products through our patented technologies. One is isobuyl renze, for which significant progress has been made and the pilot plant is already awarded. Additionally, we are steadfast in our commitment to sustainability, aiming for net zero emissions by 2038 in line with our parent company's goals. The refinery is already taking RLNG as a feed and can consume up to 0.65 mm SCMD of RLNG. Discussions and strategy to reduce the fuel and loss is formed up, and project to import the great power is on track. The targeted actions will not only build on green credentials of the company but also add to the bottom line substantially. MRPL has also paid its first ever interim dividend of rupees 1 per share, which is 10%. The board during its meeting on the 3rd May 2024 has also proposed a final dividend of rupees 2 per share, which is 20%, subject to shareholder approval at the upcoming annual general meeting. Looking ahead to the next year, we are targeting a report in excess of 17 million metric tons with no planned shutdowns aligning with our strategic focus on maximizing asset utilization. Despite the volatile market for crude and refined products, these challenges also present opportunities for MRPL to innovate and adapt. Our team is committed to leveraging our core strengths and agility to capitalize on these opportunities. In conclusion, while the past years presented challenges, our performance underscores MRPL's resilience and potential. I am confident in our strategy and our ability to drive sustainable growth and create shareholder value. I would like to express my gratitude to our to our dedicated employees and our loyal shareholders for the continuous support and trust. We will now open the floor for any questions as you may have. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. All participants are requested to use answers while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Sari Hazarika from MK Global. Please go ahead. Uh, yes, you can go ahead with the question. Yeah, so I have a few questions. Firstly, uh, on the cape, so I think, uh, in FY 24 you had around 1500 color of capex, is that right? And uh what was it spent on? Yes, uh, that is correct, and we have spent this capex on our Devanguti terminal and, uh, other projects that have been there which are all in-house as of now. OK, so these are all like uh low ticket size projects, or is is there was there other than the one terminal, was there any like larger size projects? No. These are all small, smaller size projects only. OK sir. Secondly, um, you mentioned that 0.65 MSCM is the amount of uh RL that you can take, or is that the amount you are taking right now? Uh, that we can take maximum. OK. And as of now, what would be the intake of intake of our 44 is the current intake. OK, sir. Uh, thirdly, uh, any update on your green hydrogen tender that you have electro the tender that you have, uh, released probably a year back. Uh, that was an EOI. Uh, I let Mr. uh, uh, Prasad, who is our ED projects, uh, he'll clarify, uh, he'll collect on this issue. Yeah, the, the green hydrogen projects, uh, uh, it was only expression of interest to know, uh, various technologies available and the suppliers. Now the board has approved the, uh, the green hydrogen project and, uh, uh, we will be implementing the green hydrogen projects within the refinery. Like any any capex number for that? Uh, it is about 50s, 50 colors, OK, OK, and, and the specs will be similar to what the UI document has said, right? OK, and last question, uh, I don't know whether you'd be able to answer that or not. Any update on uh merger with HPCL? Uh, no, we don't think there is, we are not aware of anything that has been, uh, going on on this issue. I believe that would be more for ONGC to take a view OGC HPC. Right, thank you so much and all of this. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Kan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Thank you sir for the opportunity. In terms of you mentioned that you're currently undertaking around 0.4 MMS CMD of LNG and your ability to go up to 0.65. So what level of prices you would be like to maximize this? How does the switching happen between the RLNG and the internal consumption of fuel? Uh, on the RLNG front, uh, yes, we do have capacity to, um, go up to 0.65. This was more, um, um, dependent upon the prices of RLNG which were much higher earlier on. Uh, but now, yes, now that these prices have gone down, we are in the process of signing up for RLNG and uh we'll be suitably increasing this quantum also. So it is not a question of but it's just a question of when it happens. So under whenever the LNG prices under $10 can we assume that it would be beneficial to operate at full capacity. Sure, and in terms of the Russian crude usage, what was the average usage during the quarter as well as during the year and what were the discounts that related to the other basket? So as far as the Russian crews are concerned, uh, broadly they would be in the levels of what you have for the industry as a whole, which is typically between 30 to 40%. And uh discounts uh we would not be able to put a figure on it because these have been separate uh differently, but the discounts are still there for Russian groups. Right, and is the usage likely to continue at this rate for the next 1 or 2 quarters? Do you have some visibility on this? As we are always looking at groups which are which give us most value, so if these uh groups continue to give us value, then we would certainly be looking at them. Right. And in terms of Venezuelan crude, have we been able to use that as well, and would it came with a discount to the other crude basket? Uh, we have not used Venezuelan crudes now, and we understand that they are not available so freely. Uh, I believe again some sanctions are coming up on the Venezuelan crudes. One more question if I can squeeze on the margin. So in terms of the near term market environment, are we seeing sort of the easing down of the spreads and do we expect this easing to continue for the next 1 or 2 quarters? Uh, we have found the margins to be, uh, have, have come down. As of now we would not be in a position to hazard anything, but we believe that this should be broadly in line with the These should be the level package they should continue. Particularly the gasoline margins per se are sort of has started easing and now I think a main support from diesel can probably come only towards November December when European winter starts. So in the absence of both the drivers sort of. Narrowing down, is it fair to assume that margins may not sort of make could also go down further from here? Uh, we are not anticipating, uh, too much a drastic call on the margins as of now, uh, although these margins have come down, but they are a factor of a number of, uh, uh, they are also subject to geopolitical and other factors. So, uh, we are, we don't think that this would drop too much as of now. Sure sir, thanks for this clarification. Thank you. Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Webu on from UBS. Please go ahead. Uh, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So I wanted to ask, uh, what was our dislate yield, uh, this year? How it preferred, uh, especially for the key products as compared to last year, and if any of our small scale projects is actually going to improve our distributed field going forward. OK, for the quarter 4 this year, uh, last year we had a total distill yield of 79.27 out of which light distills were 29.4% and middle were about uh 50%. Then for the previous year. Uh 23, 24 financial year it was 78.77%. Uh, light distills for about 28.45% and metal distills again around 50%. Uh, this is for a 524 full year 324. OK, OK, and, uh, any indicative number for, uh, the next few years if we are planning to improve the yield or for any particular products, it, it, it could be on, on the similar levels or we may be slightly there could be whatever margins are there we will exercise that maybe plus minus another 0.5% plus 0.5%, not minus 0.5% plus. Understood. And sir, uh, we were, uh, I think producing more reformat given the that because so can you please tell us, uh, in what mode are we operating, uh, the plan currently and, uh, how do you see it changing over the next few quarters. I just That Sorry, aromatic complex is operating on the reformat mode and the outlook uh is also that we may continue at least for the next, uh, this quarter on the reformed mode. Going forward, we are still, uh, we, we do analyze it very closely and, uh, depending on how the economics are moving, we will be switching over to the mode if the economics looks healthier. OK, and sir, uh, lastly in Cat, of course you mentioned our Catex plans, uh, in terms of, uh, how you're looking at it, but broadly in A5 25 and F526, uh, do you have any annual, uh, capex numbers that you can share with us? For the for this year and next year as of now, so the routine capex would be around 1000 calls which continue and uh we have, as I've already mentioned earlier on, we have uh new projects lined up uh which would be around 8000 calls over a period of, uh, next 5 years. These projects are under uh conceptualization. And finalizing for DPR once they are ready, I think maybe uh after this uh in the quarter 3 we will be able to uh throw more light as far as the capex plans are concerned. So but broadly it should be around uh uh maybe 2000 odd maximum additionally for these Capex projects. OK, sir. Thank you, sir. I'll come back in you. Thanks. Yeah, thank you, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants who may press star and want to ask a question. To ask a question you may press star and one. The next question is from the line of Sari Hazarika from MK Global. Please go ahead. Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. So, uh, a couple of more questions. Uh, firstly, on this, uh, KG 98 by 2 crude, uh, so this is, uh, I mean, from I mean, are you regularly taking it right now or, uh, was it just a testing cargo? Have you signed any, um, I mean any kind of contract with OC for that? No, see, this first we took first two cargoes which were there from ONBC. Now ONGC would also be going into that auction mode. That auction mode would be carried out by OGC and depending upon who wins that cargo, it would be taken by that company. OK, and, uh, and can you give us some idea on this crude? I mean, is it a, uh, I mean, what could be the API and the sulfur content and all, is it like, uh, I mean, are you, um, is your refiner like getting benefit out of that crude or it is like any other crude? No, this is this is a it is a low sulfur crude and uh you can say, uh, we can comparable say with move by high levels kind of a thing. Maybe there could be some plus minus on the on the uh yeasts on the uh particular range, but it's a low sulfur crude and uh we can compare with my height. OK, but you are open to like uh taking uh this 12,000 $13,000 per day what they are producing right now. Yes, yes, yes, yes. So, so it's like it's like fitting your refinery configuration overall, yes, yes. OK, sir, yeah, thanks. And, uh, secondly, on the marketing side, I mean you are like expanding retail outlets, uh, but the marketing outlook again is like a little bit volatile, so we've got margins fluctuating, uh, significantly so and of course you've made 76 which is like quite, uh, commendable, but last year has been like, uh, quite good for everyone. So, uh, given the current circumstances you're still, uh, fine with your like, uh, retail expansion plans or, uh. Is that you look into it and you had like I think 500 retail outlets sort of permission. So are you going ahead with that number? Yeah, I would say that we are continuing to look at uh marketing positively. We have a target of 1000 outlets by 26, 27 and also sales of 1 million tons, uh, products through these retail outlets. Uh, there could be, uh, small periods wherein retail outlets may not make money or there would be certain issues as far as pricing is concerned, but in the long run we we are sure that it is good to be in this retail outlet. Uh, if you see, it gives us a better price than RTP also. So compared to exporting our products, uh, if we have a retail outlet, it's, uh, we get the better margins, uh, in most of the leaders. Right, and sir, last question, uh, any update on your, uh, 2Gol and, uh, bio ATF plans? Yeah, uh, I'm Mr. uh, I will be, uh. Regarding bio ATF, the board has approved the project, uh, of the bio ATF, and, uh, we are in the process of finalizing the, uh. And searching for the extribution of the project will be shortly, uh, uh, we'll be finalizing. This particular project is coming within the refinery complex as regards to 2G and all, uh, we are looking into various options, uh, to make the projects, uh, more viable. As of now, the world has, uh, asked us to, uh, uh, look at various options to make the, uh, project more viable. As of now, the, uh, project is not viable, so we are not moving ahead unless the, uh, unless the project becomes viable. OK, sir, and on the bio ATF, how much could be the KPE, and do you have the confidence of airlines in terms of like offtake because, uh, because airline companies generally tell that it's almost like 3, 4x the price of, uh, hydrocarbon-based ATF. So, uh, I know they have got their own sustainability goals. So are you confident? I mean, what could be the capacity, the KE and, uh, your confidence in placing them with uh domestic airlines? Cap is about 30s. 250, OK. 30 350, yeah. And uh we are confident of selling this product at premium because internationally by 2027, uh, it is mandatory. Uh, that, uh, uh, tax, uh, you know, SA lending is mandatory, so we are confident of, uh, getting the margins, even a lot of airlines as well as international airlines have shown interest. OK, and what could be the capacity and what exactly is the KE score? I mean, would it be a new plant or it could be like a blending sort of a thing, or or is there some other process altogether for that? Yeah, for this particular plant is what we are putting up is a demo plant, uh, which is a 20 KPD uh plant. We are also, uh, having, uh, we are also looking into the possibility of other modes of producing by sustainable aviation fuel. They're also in advanced stage of study. So it's a facility, right? I mean, it's a unit that you have to set up. It's a unit which is coming up right now. The world has approved one unit which is coming up which is going to be, uh, constructed within the, the feedstock will not be crude oil. It will be something else. feedstock will be, uh, the vegetable oil, oil, and which is available in this region. OK sir, got it. Thank you so much, yeah. Thanks a lot. Thank you. A reminder to participants you may press start and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Avishek Datta from Anandati Share and Stockbrokers Limited. Please go ahead. Uh, so I just wanted to know what was the inventory gain for this quarter and for the full year. Inventory gain for this year was $0.58 per barrel and what was the next question and for the quarter? The quarter it was around 1. $1. OK, sir. OK. Thank you so much. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press star and want to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Amit Rustai from UBS Securities. Please go ahead. Yeah, thanks, sir, for giving this opportunity. Uh, so, first question relating to the capital allocation now we are seeing that the company is, uh, making significant amount of for profit. So how you're going to place, uh, the profits, uh, this, uh, this year's, uh, you know, money has gone into repayment of debt, but going forward, like how much repayment of debt we can consider. Uh, how much additional capital we can consider and, uh, are we in for taking some uh big project for maybe, uh, 4 to 5 years, uh, going forward. So can you give us slightly medium to longer term view and how we are looking at the situation. OK, so as far as uh, as I've already mentioned, we have got additional capitals also lined up. We have a great upgradation project coming up which would, uh, great power upgradation project coming up which would, um, help us to import, uh, power to the grid and reduce our own captive power, so. That is coming up in 2526. We already have an IBB plant, I benzene plant, which I have already mentioned in the start. Bio ATF plant is coming up. Green hydrogen plant is also there. We have got certain jetty infrastructure and pipelines modifications and upgradations to be done. All these projects would come in 25, 26. Apart from this, as I've already mentioned, uh, we have projects for enhancing our chem. Uh, from 10% to 12%, uh, which would be about 8000 crows over a period of 5 years. So broadly it would be another 2000 crows additionally from next year onwards, uh, uh, starting with even from this year we will have certain. Work going on on these pet projects. So that is how we are planning to spend for the future years, and we do have approximately 1000 crows annually spent, which is a regular sort of a capex requirements for this, uh, refinery. Uh, so then it is fair to assume that uh our capex will move in the trajectory of, uh, about 3 to 4000 grow annually now from here onwards. Uh, 3000 crows plus, yes, next next year onwards. Yeah, after 2026, uh, onwards, so then in that situation, how do we see the dividend, uh, payout like, uh, because, uh, I think, uh, SOEs, uh, uh, are supposed to pay 30% dividend, uh, uh, annually, and, uh, I think this year we have not paid around 30%, uh, so how do we see, uh, dividends from here basically. Yeah, so normally the guidelines, uh, specify that, uh, 30% of PAT or 5% of network should be the amount that is paid off. Uh, uh, we have, you would have, uh, you would have seen if you have been calling the company that earlier on we had a lot of capex and loans which were there and we were not in a position to pay dividends when our financial capex position, sorry, cash position has improved, we have, uh, given out a 10% interim dividend. Uh, for this year also, now final dividend of 20% has been given by uh declared by the board, uh, subject to the shareholders' approval, and this is considering, uh, the various factors which could affect the profitability of the company and the cash flow of the company. Uh, if there are any sudden spikes in prices or otherwise which could affect the cash position of this company, uh, we do not want that we should have a variable dividend, uh, volatile dividend policy. So in line with that, the company has considered 30% for the year, uh, previous year. Uh, as cash positions improve and our loan positions also go down, uh, we are looking at rewarding our shareholders on a regular basis rather than giving it in one lump sum. So we would again take a view subsequent, uh, post our quarter, H1 results, the company would again take a view on, uh, distribution of dividend or otherwise considering all the factors at that time. OK, and so how much uh debt repayment we can expect in the next two years and uh what is the comfort level of comfortable level of debt you are looking at that uh where you will think that OK, uh now we are happy with the current level of debts. What is that level. So as far as the debt levels are concerned, we are already below 1 we were last year 1.70 we have gone down to 1, below 1 debt equity ratio uh we have repaid 5000. grows, uh, so we are quite comfortable as far as the debt repayments are coming. Uh, we do not have too much of debt balance. Uh, our normal working capital loan requirement is about 7, 7500 grows, so that amount of debt would continue on a short term basis. Uh, as far as the term loans are concerned, we have got NCDs, 4 number of NCDs which are for 4,477, and they would be continued till about 30 and 32. Uh, the interest rates are also quite benign, so we are, uh, not in a hurry to repay those loans as such. And for the year 2425, we are, uh, the loans repayable are 1,174 floors which we are sure that we will be able to do it through our own internal approvals. Uh, there are no other major loans which require repayment as of now, and whatever loans that are there are like YDB loans which are at, uh, which are at very good interest rates. OK, really the interest has been between 6% to about 7 to 7.5%. So so then we can consider 10 10,000 of that level broadly you're happy, happy with the uh uh basically and as the network goes up we would be in a position to have better debt levels also and if need be, uh, for any major capitals, uh, we are ready to, uh, have, uh, to be able to obtain, uh, uh. That for those projects also. OK, great, great, sir. So thanks for taking my question. I'll hand over to the operator. Thank you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press start and one to ask a question. The next question is on the line of Neerav Jmodia from Anvil Research. Please go ahead. Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So you mentioned one of the products which we are under the feasibility stage which is isobuyl benzene. So this predominantly I guess finds application in the production of ibuprofen if I'm not wrong. So if you can just share your views in terms of uh what could be the capacity of, uh, IBB which we are coming up with. And if I'm not wrong, I think the raw materials required here would be tolling and properly. So if you can just share your thought process about uh our venturing into this product, uh, what's the demand here in India and uh. Uh, uh, what are the imports coming to India? So if you can just share your views on that would be helpful. Yeah, the IDB project right now we are on a pilot scale and, uh, the feedstock, as you rightly mentioned, they're solving and Brooklyn which are available within the complex. but that's the advantage that uh we gain and the technology is based on our patent. Uh, secondly, uh, we are confident that, uh, whatever demand which is there in the country, this will be a kind of, uh, around 10,000 to 15,000 tons per year, uh, capacity which will be a kind of a mega scale plan for that product, and, uh, we are confident of, uh, with our pilot, uh, we will be able to establish the market with that to start with. Because I think one of the largest chemical players. Uh, uh, is like Vinati Organics is into the production of IBB and, uh, the purity levels of which they've been producing in for a long period of time. So they have achieved the cost economics and the economies of scale. So I just wanted to check with you in terms of, uh, uh, our, uh, venturing into that because initially, uh, the capacity is what you mentioned 10 to 15,000, uh, uh, 15,000 tons of, uh. The plant would be quite sufficient enough in order to cater to the domestic market. So I was just wondering on that. And so secondly on the OMPL, uh, how are the utilization rates currently because they're also we produce paraxyline and benzene and paraxyline cracks have been off late not doing well, so. Uh, if you can just uh share your thought process on both the yen as well as the benzene production for 524 and how we are looking for 525. Uh, the complex, the aromatic complex, as I mentioned, uh, the Pas island market is, uh, not very economical at this point of time. So we have been operating the complex on, uh, the reform it mode, and we have, uh, consistently now operating at around 110% of the capacity utilization. Uh, during the last financial year we have produced around 800,000 tons of, uh, uh, reform it and we have exported it. Uh, Benzene also we have been producing, uh, from the complex, uh, uh, we have reduced about uh. We have produced about 130, 130,000 tons of benzene last year and uh we are sustaining the complex on that mode and is definitely bringing more margins onto the table today compared to parad. So, uh, Nero, this is Sanjay my director Deandi speaking. Uh, our refinery complex, we have some kind of a product swing capabilities. So while MPL we have a flexibility to, you know, look into the economics and operate it either on PX or format mode. So it's from past two years we are finding making reform is more cost advantages to us. So and uh similarly within the refinery also we have a lot of, um, a little bit of production capabilities between diesel ATR between uh. Other products, so we are trying to, you know, look into the market conditions and wherever the cracks are good, we're trying to maximize that. The last question from my side is like uh apart from IBB, uh, are there any downstream products which we are planning because we have the upstream with us like Benzene, we have uh PX we have so properly actually mentioned would be available from our complex only. So any other products apart from that which we are planning to add along with IBB for our downstream. Yeah, as DF mentioned. Uh, we are right now in the study mode, which is an advanced stage for increasing our pet intensity from around 10% to 12.5%. So all these things are getting covered in that and probably by Q3 of this year we should be getting our necessary approvals to go ahead and get into the implementation mode. They're looking at various products based on the feedstocks that are available in the. Got it, sir. Thank you so much, sir, and wish you all the best. PPR for this product is uh project is, uh, uh, you know, compilation, so the board approval may take by by the time this all kind of these projects are being evaluated and it brings uh more economic value to the company, those projects will be, you know, on boarded, uh, uh, products will be onboarded, uh, in this expansion. Got it, sir. Go it. Thank you so much, sir, and wish you all the best. Thank you. Thank you. A reminder participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Hash Maru from MK Global. Please go ahead. Uh, thank you for the opportunity. Uh, my question basically pertains to the bio ATF part. So two specific points over there. One is when do we expect the bio ATF output to be available for sale. And the second question being what would be the premiums that we are looking at vis a vis hydrocarbon based ATF. But is expected to be uh ready uh uh by uh in the year 2627 when we, uh, uh, when the, uh, staff becomes mandatory for an international uh uh flight. 2627 and we would be ready. Price premium premium on it. On ATF, uh, uh, presently it is very high in the international market. Uh, we, uh, presently we're not taking any number at this moment, but we expect, uh, uh, the, uh, expect to get, uh, substantial premium for, uh, this particular product. OK, OK. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. A reminder to all participants you may press start and one to ask a question. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vibu Aon from UBS Securities. Thank you and all to you for closing comments. Thanks Marreta. Uh, we are extremely grateful to host this insightful a call, and I would like to extend our heart gratitude to the company management for taking up their time for the call. And I would like to thank all the analysts, investors, and experts for dialing it. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the losing comments, if any, over to you, sir. Yeah, uh, this is Sham Prasadam. Uh, I doubt it. Thank you, uh, thank you all for, uh, participating in this phone call, and it was a privilege for us also to, you know, to have at least a con call and try to address, uh, your whatever, uh, clarification questions that you have had and hope we have, uh, met all the expected responses to all your clarifications. We would be looking forward to meet you probably in the near future also, as and when we have an opportunity here. Uh, thank you on behalf of the entire team here, uh, that Finance that refinery, ED projects, GM Finance, and that finance team present here. We would like to thank you all. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. On behalf of UBS Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may not disconnect your lines. Thank you very much.