Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Oil India Limited. ToyFR 25 results conference call hosted by Antique Stockbroking Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing, then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now have the conference over to Mr. Valar Rajan Shishankar from Antique Stockbroking Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. Thank you, Neha. Uh, very good morning to everyone. I'd like to welcome all the participants to this call and the management of Oil India Limited. Represented by Ashokdas, director HR also holding charges, additional charges, director finance Saloma Lamdo director END holding additional charges director operations, 3 Rupa Bawa ED FNA and CFO and 3 Sachinana and the Marana CGM FND. I'd like to handle the uh calls to the management for their initial remarks, and then we can move on to Q&D. Yeah, thank you, Mr. Van. We now request our director H7N director Mr. to kindly give his inaugural address to the audience. Thank you. A very warm good morning to the friends at the outset. We would like to thank Message and Tsar Grouping Limited for organizing this call for discussing the 2nd quarter FY 25 reserves with the management of the company. The company's financial results for the quarter ended 30th September 24th they're approved by the board board of directors on 5th November. 2024 and have been published. The company has achieved significant milestones in terms of growth and production numbers of crude oil and natural gas. The significant financial and operating achievement will be briefed by our EDFNA and CFO, which can be followed by a QNSS. So I welcome you once again to the call. Thank you. Good morning, uh, your friend? Uh, you said, uh, I would like to thank, uh, Not just antique Stockbroking Limited for organizing today's analyst call. I'm uh of this. Uh, the company, uh, financial, uh, up to 25 24 25 were published on 5th November 2024. I briefly give some highlights about the performance of the company in both physical and financial. Now coming to the standalone results, the beginning, uh, beginning with the production form, the company has continued to improve its crude oil production, which is higher by 4.79% in quarter in the 30th September 2024 at uh 0875 MMT vis a vis 835 MMT in the quarter ended 30th September 2023. Crude oil production has increased by 5.5% in half year ended 30th September 2024 at 1.746 1.655 MMT in the half year ended 30th September 2023. Natural gas production during half year ended 30th September 2024 is at 1.617 BCN increased by 3.99% over the production in half year in the 30th September 2023, which was 1.555 BCM this year. However, Natural gas production for the quarter ended 30th September 2024 is markedly lower by 1.36% at 0.799 BCM. These are the 0.810 BCM for the quarter in the 30th September 2023. On the financial side. Average price relation for Q2 Q2 is US dollar $79.335. These are the US dollar 86.86% level for quarter to financials at 24% decrease, uh, for financially I guess quarter to. Uh, finance 24% decreased by 8.67%. For the half year and the 30th September 2024. A school relation is US dollar 82.09095. These are the 82.22 for the half year and the 30th September 2023, which is decreased by 0.6%. A gas price remains uh for the quarter has remained at US dollar 6.5 and then. The turnover for half year ended 30th September 2024 has increased by 7.58% to rupees 11,358.6 to grow compared to. Rupees 10,5508.04 grow in half half year in the 30th September 2023. This is mainly due to higher crude oil and gas bill in half half your 25 compared to half year financial 24. I this price for you to uh to avoid $25 does remain unsent at the $6.5. If it was for you to 5, financial year 25% has decreased by 47.67% with a 48.29% for Q2 Q2 for 24%, which is mainly due to lower total price. Profit after tax for Q25 Q2 of 2425 is 1834.07 Pro. These are the uh 3.325.31 pro for Q2 financial 2324. The profit of the tax for the half year and the 30th September 2024 has increased by 70.26%. 2 3,300.91 crore 1. 938.744 for the half year and the 30th September 2023. The earning per share for the half year and the 30th September 2024 is ₹20 20.29 per share. These are the 11.92 for the half year ended 30th September 2022. Uh, now I'm going to give financial performance of the Moligar Refinery Limited. A profit after tax of refinery limited for due to financial year 2425 is rupees 175.05. Visa is rupees 735.51 due to financial. and profit of the tax for the half year ended 30 September ₹2024 605.58 compared to 657.95 for the corresponding period last year. And uh gross refining margin indicate due to uh financial 24 24 25 is you will see the 2.25 uh, now these are the you will be 16.04 leading you to. 2324 and gross refining margin for the half year and the 30 September 24 4.45 13.49 for the year and the 30 September 2023. And I Ivia for Q2 financial year 2425 is 398.85 Provis a vis vis a 1 1000. 84.5542 financial year 2324 while Ita for the half year ended 30 September 24 years ₹113 1132.5 rupees 1079.34. 45 year ended 30 September 2324. The consolidate our consolidated results. The good turnover for the half year ended 30th September 2024 is 17,456.79 crore. Rupees 15, 15,225.23 for the half year and 30th September 2023 and profit of the tax for the half year ended 30th September 2024 is rupees ₹4,085.46 crore 2,039.85 for the half year ended 30 September 2023. With this, uh, my opening remark on performance is over. We are now open to question and answer. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchdown telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and do. Participants are requested to use answer while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question assemble. The first question is from the line of Probaling from ICCA Securities. Please go ahead. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Uh, just had a couple of questions. First was, um, what is the reason for the sequential dip a little bit that we've seen in the natural gas production in Q2. your actually your voice is not clear. Can you please repeat that question? So this is better. Am I audible now? Yes, yes, now you are audible. I was saying, sir, that the first question was what is the reason for the sequential decline QOQ decline in gas production, any color you can draw on this. Uh, yeah, please. Uh, uh, actually, uh, there are, uh, uh, here this is, this is Tronco by the way. Uh, CMOSG, uh, for the director of questions. Uh, so what was happening is in this, uh, period is a little bit of shutdown, especially NTPS, a number of, uh, thermal power station and LTPs like what thermal power station, they take, uh, around 0.06 and 0.6 and 0.45 or something like that, around 1. One, MSN, so they, uh, during that period, during this Q2 period, uh, they had a, uh, they, they had made a major shutdown. OK, so they, they didn't operate and also another what happened is that they had some surplus during this period. So consumption was also a little bit low. And the APL also was from 278 to 39 almost you can say 20 days maybe close to 20 days they were having some emergency plan. Lowliment basically this is because of the low. It is not that uh we cannot produce, uh, we could produce, but, uh, because, uh, this lowliment by the uh by the customers because of that only, uh, it happened. So sir, if I can ask a follow up in the 3rd quarter, then have you seen a reversal of some of these conditions? So can we expect a pick up in offtake in the 3rd quarter? If the shutdowns are over and NRL surplus NASA is also used or I think uh there are this in this quarter quarter, uh, 3, you know, in the quarter 3, I think uh there will be app more more apply but on the other end, uh, there will be a little bit of less applicment by the tea gardens because this is the lean season for the tea garden. So overall I think there will be small increase increment uh uh I think it will go to the level of the earlier earlier quarter or maybe a little bit more yes. So so for 525 then overall, uh, the guidance that we had of 3.2 to 3.3 BCM if I remember correctly, that is still maintained that's the kind of production we expect to still do. That that answer so any guidance you can give for 526 as of now. For a 26 FY 26, no, because, uh, because we are, uh, we are in, uh, upgradation of many, um, um, many facilities basically, and we are thinking about the pipeline from IGCL all those things unless they come, I think the situation will remain a little bit more or like less like that. But overall, uh, I think we'll be able to go good once that IGG line comes. So 26 you don't have any guidance as of now on the gas production is what you're saying. Uh, as of now, no, uh, no, sir, no sir. The only thing is that we can tell you about days of clearing days of clearing because we have already installed the inside cucision pipeline. Oh, this is, this is, this is. Sorry, this is Saloma uh exploration. You are aware that the long term vision of the company in the next few years is to achieve production close to 4 million tons of oil. And 5 of 5 BCM of gas per year. So that's a long term vision which we envision to, you know, accomplish within the next couple of years. But the gradual increase will definitely be there. Now the bottlenecks with with respect to lower placement of customers, etc. will be, uh, mainly offset by, uh, like our, uh, CGM said by the proposed IGGL pipeline which will come up. And in the meantime, we are aggressively going for achieving a zero flare. By December 25 and so there is also going to, going to be, uh, yeah, increase the offtake where we see that there is potential, you know, requirement, additional requirement, uh, even from existing customers. So only year on year you can expect that, uh, this 4 or 5% incremental growth in gas production and our production will, uh, definitely continue. Understood, so that's what I was looking for. One last question if I may on NRL, uh, this quarters and, uh, is it possible to share the GRM, including the excise duty benefit? I think the number shared was net of that. Yeah, actually the GRM which is reported, reported by NRL is always, uh, without excise benefits because that is the comparable GRM on pan India basis. So it is never included as part of VRM reported by the uh refinery. Now the VRM which has been reported by the NRL for this quarter to, is only $2.25 per barrel. OK, but having said that, uh, there is also there is an issue in this quarter in terms of the inventory loss, uh, which is, which is prevalent across the industry actually during this quarter. So the inventory loss is about $4.5 per US dollar for. So if you remove that, then the GRM would have been about 6.7 6.6.7 6.5 $6.7. Similar to what it was last quarter. Uh, yeah, yeah. OK sir, I, I have more questions I'll come back in the queue. Thank you so much. No problem. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Mr. Keaton, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. Thank you sir for the opportunity. I also want to understand in terms of the why we had given up why production rate on the oil side the sales was there was a YOI decline in the sales of oil could you explain the. Reasons for the day? Yeah. For the crude oil production, there has been a 4% growth in this quarter is against that there has been a 1.81 to 2% decline in the sales for the crude oil. What is the reason which has led to this YOI decline in the crude oil sales? Yeah, yeah. It's actually the last uh there was a uh another utdown was there. Actually there was a small shutdown uh in NRL of about 10 to 15 days. So as a result of that there has been a slight decline in the sales of, although there has been improvement in production. And will we be able to sort of offset that additional inventory during the next quarter, so would the crude oil sales be higher by that amount? Uh, product sales will improve because unless there is shut down, there is no question of uh product sales going down. But refinery it depends on their uh operational issues and all. So if they don't have any issues uh from our side we'll be able to kind of uh create sales for us. Right, and what would be the RFY 25 target for the crude oil? Would it remain unchanged? Sorry, production for the 25 years and. Yeah, for the current year, uh, the target, uh, actually we have, uh, created our own devices. No, it will be 3.6, close to 3. 3.5 or something. 3.56 million tons for the crude oil and natural gas is 3.2 to 3.3 BCM correct? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So our, our, uh, our equipment will be a little higher cheap so cheap. No, no, yeah, close to 3.5 3.45 will be our achievement in the in the 3.452 3.5. Right, could you also highlight the progress on the in the gas grid? Uh, is it likely to get completed by December 24th? I As far as phase one is concerned, that is about 385 kilometers, uh, which is running from Guwati to Nomaliar that has already been mechanically completed, OK, and that's right my and my froen, uh, this, uh, fitting has already been done for about 280 kilometers or something and by December they are saying that they will be able to start off with this one. Yeah. And for sort of the additional customers that we will be adding alongside the phase one, have we already entered into the agreements with them now? Phase one phase one is since since running from uh Guwahati to normal, so that line will not uh have any impact as far as all India is concerned because all India up to normally there is scattered by DNPL which is also under upgradation and augmentation. So as far as up to normal your line is concerned, definitely they must be having some uh talk with Gail with regard to the customer arrangement and all. No, we, we are having some uh some. Yeah. For our perspective, which is the line which will when would the sort of the augmentation of the line would help us to start increasing the volume? Yeah, as far as all India is concerned, because we should be capable of evacuating the gas which is there with us, uh, in the region, OK. So as far as that gas is concerned, that will be, we'll be we'll be able to evacuate once there is another line of about 116 kilometers 24 inch line which will be coming from North Bank to up to Julian. So that will, that will be an additional line. So once that line comes up to Juliason, then we'll be able to push the gas from the liaison, uh, to the to our fullest potential. And could you also share the current status on that line and the target dates for completion? That is about 2 within 2 years' time they are going to uh make it make it make it happen. Right. So for the next couple of years, would this mean that our natural gas production will remain more or less flat until unless this line is complete? That may not also be a correct statement for the reason that because BNP is the NPL line is also under augmentation and as you are aware, because normally the refinery is under expansion, so they are expected date of completion is December 2024. So once this new refinery comes into full stream of operation, they will require additional gas. With that as on that they are taking 0.9 to 1 MMS CMD, so that will uh ramp up to 2.5 to 3 MMS CMD. So as a result we cannot say that we have to bank on this IDC and only to increase our production. So NRL would be the key one of the key customers where we'll see the off take increase and about the BNPL line, what would be the status and when is it likely to get. NPL line is going ahead with 222 phases of phase one and phase two. Phase one is expected completion is March 25 and phase two is March 26. So this is a 433 pro project that is also going ahead. Right, and what would be the sort of the off take edition with the completion of phase one in March 21? Uh, March 25, what would be the update that I Yeah Yeah you see the the uh the refinery there the commissioning target is December 25. So the first thing, yeah, so the first phase of this, uh, the the NPL like that total capacity, the increased capacity requirement uh for the most refinery is expected to be around 3 MMS CMD out of that one we are already. Transporting with the existing capacity. So the target is that by last quarter of next, uh, financial year I've been, I mean the next calendar year that the NPL crosspace line will be activated and because the mechanical completion will take some time. So by the time that the NPL line increase capacity of two MMSCND comes into play, that will directly meet the increased requirement of normal. So we can say expect that the increasing volume may start from the last quarter of next financial year. From the pipeline. Right, so then the understanding would be basically the this year's target and even the next year's target will be more or less flat, but we'll see a material increase in the gas offset by around 2 MMSMD and when the NRL starts taking the additional gas, is that the right understanding and 2627 onwards we can expect a substantial increase, yeah, because then by that time the, yeah, the capital items and all those. The connectivity will increase. All the different gas that is developing in the northeast region, they are also walking parallel, so the connectivity that will enhance oil gas production will basically serve the different gas grids, you know, under the CCD regions that are getting developed so it will be the feeding line for all those CDs across the northeast. Right, sir. Just one more question in terms of could you also update on the progress on the NRL refinery and How are what are the next milestones to track before sort of the commissioning of the refinery? Yeah, as far as refinery expansion project is concerned, they have already received about 70% of physical progress by now and about more than 20,000 pros of uh capital has already been received. Out of 28,000. And with the target date still remains in December 25 will be commission is that a mechanical completion date or is that the sort of the com commissioning date that is the commissioning. So basically pre-commissioning activity would start sometime in the 1st or 2nd quarter of the XY 26th. Yeah, no, see, the, the moment the refinery is completed mechanically, it will not start in full stream from day one. So that will progressively increase. So say initial year might be starting with the 50 to 60% capacity next year going up to 75% and finally reaching 100%. Right, sir. Thanks for such detailed answers, very helpful. I'll go back and get you. Thank you, yeah. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address the questions from all the participants, please limit your questions to 2 per participant. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidyad Ginde from Sohom Asset Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. Yeah, thank you. Uh, good morning. So it appears that your oil and gas production increase is mainly constrained by demand, and so as some pipelines get commissioned, normal refinery expansion gets commissioned, your production will increase. So my question was that do you normally them over a refinery expansion from 3 to 9. Even probably selling that 9 million ton also is probably demand for final petroleum products also is likely to be constrained. So is it easily possible for the refinery to ramp up to whenever possible 200% in 2-3 years or demand constraints, or is there a pipeline which can take, uh, the final, uh, the finished products from northeast to other parts of India? So what is the price like that. As far as the pipeline product evacuation part is concerned. There are two issues here. Uh, are you talking about this? They, they are raw material procurement side, or, uh, I'm finishing my question really is that I'm not very sure whether, uh, there for 6 million tons whatever production time million tons production. So that is the question. So can you produce that much and send it elsewhere. Uh, in India, that is my question. As far as that part is concerned that the product evacuation part is concerned, you are very correctly raising the question that whether additional capacity, how it is going to be evacuated. As of now, if you are, you are aware, probably that our pipeline is being used by the refinery for evacuation of their products from their notice to up to Siliguri, but that existing pipeline having is having a capacity of 1.7 MTPA and that pipeline is being augmented from 1.7 M MTPA to 5.5 M MTPA. That is under progress and that is that that particular augmentation project is also going to go inside. With the completion of the refinery expansion. So automatically the additional capacity is being created to cater to the additional requirement of normally the refinery when it uh once there uh this capacity expansion is complete. So automatically their additional product will mostly be evacuated through our pipeline only which is under augmentation. So this one the production this incremental capacity expansion to see happens. Yeah, can it go all over India wherever it wants to go. So is there refinery is also creating facilities in, uh, Siliguri terminal for additional 10 cases and loading unloading facility, etc. So from there onwards, the products will move through either 10s or rail that as of now, and they are also planning to put in place. Some pipeline which will be able to uh take the products up to the high high demand area in the eastern region. That pipeline you will put or I or somebody else who's that pipeline will be put by normally only so they are on uh in this is, this is on planning right now. OK, no problem. So basically you are saying that because the pipeline to ate additional production is also going to be commissioned along with the refinery. Uh, as and when, uh, the, uh, refinery stabilizes, it can ramp up over a 2 to 3 year period to 100%, and therefore, to that extent your oil demand and gas demand will go up, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so that was my second question was on, uh, your gas production. It uh like some of your gas production is potentially, uh, eligible for this 20% if any of your gas production is gonna happen in the next 2-3 years, eligible for this higher 20% higher gas price, and if that is what can you give us some color on what proportion of your required 26 or 27 production could be eligible for this higher gas price. Yeah, I think, uh, the, the $6.5 cap is for the Uh, for the APM gas, but as for the directive of the government, from April 23 onwards, uh, whatever additional activity you do on the new gas that you produce, you will get a premium of 20% over the 6.5 uh cap that you have. And so, uh, we are working out, uh, various, uh, uh, modalities like which are the fields which are the wells from which this gas will be qualified as, uh, as the premium gas. And uh as of now there are some uh uh technical issues which need to help with uh with the regulatory body which is the general of hydrocarbons. And once that is sorted out, uh, we would be able to come up with the exact figures like, uh, which are the gas and how much, how much of the gas is currently available for the premium price. I think we don't have it right now, but because of this increasing production will happen from here on, it will be in any case entitled to. Uh, the higher gas prices because a big jump in your gas production in any case to be produced from a new or a production through new well intervention. So, uh, if that happens, then even if we are producing from our own nomination fields, that gas will fetch higher price in the form of premium of 20%. So do you have any idea as what proportion of your production in 526 or 27 which is you're working on it as of now. Uh, so we are thinking of, uh, finding out those areas from where, uh, the production will qualify for the premium gas that's currently on. When can you give a better color? Will it take a few quarters for you to give us a more clear idea on that, on how much of your production? When do you think you would be able to guide us on what proportion of your output will get high? See, data data is being shared with the ministry from time to time, uh, based on the requisition which is from the ministry for their report to be finalized. So once the report comes, then only that multiplication part will be possible. So before that it is better not to give any mention of quantification, right. actually, uh, so, so this is, this is going to add on the the the amount of new guys will increase day by day. Because we are, we are going for a walkover, we are going for new intervention. That is, that is, that is for you. Only thing is that we are, we are not able to tell you the quantity as, as of now because there are many. Thanks. Uh, and just see if I could add one more question. So how much of your, most of the incremental oil like region goes to Numaligar, but in case of your incremental gas is 5 BC in which you are talking of, what proportion of this incremental gas is going to Naliggar, uh, the one for the expansion. That that part I had already mentioned that numeric refinery is presently picking up about 1 CMD of gas from us. So which are the other big consumers in capacity they would be requiring 2.5 to 3 MMSMD which are other big consumers of gas which might in over the next 2 years other than normal. APL APL capacity is likely to get increased. So how much more they can be there will be a larger demand from the CGD entities because the entire CDs have already been awarded. So once the CGD entities become functional, they would be all. Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. Yeah. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press and want to ask a question. The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bank Equities. Please go ahead. Good morning and uh thank you very much sir. Yeah, can you give us some sense in terms of your plans in the city gas and biogas and uh is it going to be included in the segment called renewable energy in terms of reporting. I After the 12th and 12th round of bidding, we have actually got uh 9 geographical areas in all. So out of those uh 9 geographical areas, uh, 3 are already functional. Those are in the in in Maharashtra and Haryana. That is the geographical area of Kolhapur, Ambala, and Kur Shetra where we are already producing and we have a steady market over there. In addition to that, we have got a geographical area in Yes, we have a, we have a CGD in Sippura and we also have a CGD in uh Manipur. So these are are the legal, I think not looking to. So these are the CGDs where we have our own interest. And our CDs are already in the process of laying the network there even though the CGD, even though the IGGL is yet to come, but we are at our end doing everything possible so that once the IGGL network is commissioned we can immediately draw. From that network and run it through our own so that we can create a market for ourselves we are setting up CNG stations in those areas. I think two of the CNG stations which are currently being run by Gail, we have tied up with them and we will be supplying our gas to those CNG stations which will immediately become functional. So these are some of the things that we are doing in the Northeast, uh, for, uh, enhancing our, uh, sales volume. uh, CBG as far as CBG is concerned, uh, we have to set up 25 CBG stations out of which, uh, what we have done so far is that we have identified a few technology partners with whom we will be setting up, uh, one CBG station in, uh, Tinsukia Assam. Uh, that is already, uh, that has reached some level of finality and uh other CBD CBG stations also we are, uh, thinking of setting up, but that would take a little bit of time because CBG has to be spiked with the uh with the natural gas. Those things we are currently working on and uh possibly in the days ahead we'll be able to come up with some additional information on this. OK, so out of these 9 GAs, how many GAs are on your own stand alone? How many? Uh, standalone none. We are having a partnership with HPCL mostly and in uh the Arunachal GA we are having partnership with BCDPCL. So in terms of your capital allocation, you have sold about 2000 crows of caps, out of which 1400 crows is for um your ENP business. So where, where is the ENP cap going and, uh, can you share, you know, how much of that will be for these nomination blocks where you can get 20% premium. Um, so although you, you, you may not be able to give the, uh, volume on which you will get that 20% premium, would have done some basic working for the, uh, internal data done, right? So if you're spending so much of money, is it possible to say how much where, where this 1400 goes, uh, and, uh, and the other capital expenditures going based on whatever you have shared. That uh have we. Your question is on capex. Yes, yeah, in the cash flow you've given 40 crows for ANP and other capital 4700 crows. Uh, I mean, I mean, I mean you cannot really, uh, zero in on any one particular area. It could be oil. It could be gas. It could be other areas as well. Now your question is specifically on gas, I believe. Is that your question, sir? You are spending 6000 crows. You already spent 6000 crows in my car. So if you can share what what is the split for this in terms of the projects only you are spending, it'll be useful for us to, you know, understand, you know, which business you are, you know, investing in. Just give us a moment. The world See, the last next 3 years, uh, projection for the all in basis will be in the range of around 6 to 70,000 cos and on the group basis if we consider the refinery, it can be around 100 to 12,000 cos now out of the 6000 cows. Uh, the mainly, uh, you can see the trend our around 75% of the capacity is directed towards the upstream initiatives of the company and the balance we are on a phaseway allocating towards the other initiatives and also including the renewables, the CBCs. Uh, the CBD space all that there are partial allocations to us, uh, this, uh, space also now on the upstream initiative part as we'll be doing that, we have got a credit of around 50,000 square kilometer plus another OP regions and in many of the areas we have already, uh, completed the essentially part and we have got extensive drilling plans. It's just like to highlight that our target for this year is almost around 70+ wells so a lot of effects is diverted towards the upstream part for the development building and also exploratory drilling and you'll be aware that oil is now planning for the offshore drilling in Andaman. So the underman there will be a part allocation to the underman of offshore initiative as well out of the current attacks. So for a broader guideline you can say that around 75% is was the upstream initiative which will include drilling plants in our northeast in the main producing area in the different other regions like Rajasthan and also in Manadivisions and one person is a particular the few of the wells in the offshore region of Anaman and uh. Uh, so we are targeting in Q4 to start the drilling in, uh, under 1 November, yeah, mid November we are, we are at the starting the drilling activity in the offshore on the month. So how much of your ENP caps uh out of this, so you want the hard numbers. Yeah, so you are spending on a broadly as my colleague has explained we'll be spending about 7000 cover in the current year. The heads are survey exploration drilling development then we'll be investing in our subsidiaries as I've explained, we have about 25 CBG stations to be set up so all of these will be spent on these heads. The cost would be more than 2000. My development would be close to 1400 Karo, little more than 1400 Karo. Other oil and gas facilities, etc. will attract another 2300 car. This is the broad breakup of the 7000 car that we are projecting. Yeah, understood. Just, just to get some perspective on regard this question on the potential for additional production from, uh, the nomination wells for getting that 20% premium, is any of this, uh, development expenditure going towards the increasing production in new wells or, uh, you know, additional well inventive and in the nomination blocks? Just to understand what your thought process is. Yes, yes, what we are currently doing is that we are in the process of, uh, uh, exploring those areas which will be, uh, which will qualify as new ones or those are through new well intervention actually we will have to, uh, kind of. qualify those two conditions to get that extra premium. If that doesn't happen, then our gas will be like normal gas. So that would take some time. However, money will be spent on new wells as well. So how much, how much of that expenditure will be in the new well. Oh, like, uh, our micro designate mentioned that in 2425, uh, exploded drilling 2000 rows is. Is projected so this exploration building doesn't necessarily mean rank exploration in new areas. So what we do is chunk of our exploration we also do in our nominated regime in terms of near field exploration. And therefore you will see that the exploration wells that we drill are not only in the rank exploration areas or in the oil blocks, but it's also uh qualified exploration for near field exploration. And that's why in the near field exploration in the nominated regime itself you will have some exploration wells and chunk of the development wells where it is earmarked €1400 is the budget. Now for development drilling, you know that 99% of the cruel comes from nominated regions in the office, uh, apart from about 600 barrels from Rajasthan. So majority of this development drilling will also be held in the nominated blocks in in Assam and Aruna, and all these wells which will be drilled at development wells or exploration wells in the nominated regions will be eligible. The additional gas will be eligible for the premium 20% gas. OK, so your capital provides for some capital expenditure in the nomination block. That's why I wanted to confirm. OK, thank you very much. Actually, majority of it will be there, we have always have mostly. Around 3 non-ex gas in our GDP around 3 a minimum 3 non-existed gas will target. So if we talk about we we generally target. Thank you very much. I'll join it. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address the questions from all the participants, please limit your questions to one per participant. I repeat, please limit your questions to one per participant. Thank you. The next question is from Delina Mayang from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Uh, hi, sir. Thank you for doing the call. Uh, I had a follow up question on the capex itself. Uh, can you just, uh, I think you gave a bit of detail around the breakup of the capex that you're doing, but can you also give us a bit of a breakup of how much goes into Rajasthan, what goes into, uh, Assam Dulejan, and what will kind of go into and one that you're kind of planning and how much could be off overseas that you'll have to do your equity contribution as. So if you request us they will break up in terms of the areas where this effect is going to be spent, so that can be addressed separately we do not, we are not really prepared we we get that breakup as of now. OK, sure, so I think I'll just follow up on that. Uh, the second thing was in terms of your NRL, uh, uh, capex, you said 200 billion of the 280 has been spent, correct? Uh, can you just give us, uh, the total net debt that you have is now sitting at NRL's balance sheet. They know that. That's, that's all, that's all. And I'll, uh, it is, uh, right now it is about 11 tomorrow 11,500. OK, got it. Perfect. That's all the questions I have. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from MK Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. Yeah, so, so sir, uh, just two questions. So firstly, I think your provision and the driver that went up by around 200 colors but quarter. Can you tell us, uh, exactly what I said, uh, this will happen. Can you actually your voice is not very clear. Yeah, I, I got to know what you want to understand actually, actually what we have taken a write off of about 72 crore on account of a well sitting in uh Puri. OK, that is 72 pro is a write off. And apart from that another 270. Yeah, 20 270297 Pro. We have taken provision in respect of starting with. In respect of which one? There are about 5 wells, 55 wells we have taken provision of about 297 pro, so that includes basically one way in Moran, one way in South Dakal one in Lima South. One in Anagar. One is Malika. So these are the 5 wells against which about 290 has been taken as provision apart from that, right above 72 pro on account of that pretty well. Would you really is part of OLT right and the others are like part of nominated, right? I mean some blocks some of the blocks uh like we do is our partner. And uh one I think is uh is is is is and our nominations 2 nom nomination. Got it, sir. It's just a small question you mentioned phase one and phase two of BNPL. So phase two, I could understand by 2026, uh, the entire another state will get augmented. Phase one will be what in, uh, by 2025 March. What are you trying to achieve in phase one. that There's one is So here one is basically uh he is uh having a score of 55 kilometer area. And uh apart from that, in the phase two, there are many other jobs which are lined up uh that will give the final step to the project actually. 65 kilometers does it connect to any major customer or it's like just a that is only exclusively for MP right. OK, no, I mean 55 kilometers, not like, like some, uh, uh, I mean I was just wondering 55 kilometers with 55 kilometers can there be an incremental volume? Yeah, it is, just to explain, uh, this is the budget here just to explain actually this, uh, uh, the NPL project, it, it is one part is the expansion of the capacity and one part is basically an upliftment of the current facilities based on certain observations. And some extensive repairing activities also that was taken out within the same. So the project is that is why phased in 22 uh phases. The first, the repairing and, uh, major repairing part will be carried out and then at the same time capacity expansion part is also simultaneously going on. The repairing part will be completed in the first leg basically and then the capacity expansion is, you know, tied up, uh, in sync with the expected data commissioning of normalulgar refinery. So what we expected. By end of next financially by need the first phase will be over, but that will not help all to enhance the capacity because this is a standalone line going for feeding NRL gas requirement. So once the entire project gets completed towards the, uh, later part of next year, then the editions of, uh, gas evacuation will start once normally our refinery commissions and gradually get stabilized. Got it very clear, sir. Thank you so much and. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hadik Solanki from ICICS Security. Please go ahead. Yeah, I got my question only got answered. Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Mr. Kilton, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. Thanks for the one more opportunity. Just one question to understand the capital intensity of the well walkover programs and new programs that we are doing. Would you be able to highlight how the capital intensity or our separate efforts have wrapped up in the nomination block? So, actually, as far as exploration and development programs are concerned, we earmark more than 55% to 60% of our budget total on account of addressing those, uh, addressing those exploration and development activities. So I right away I don't have the exact breakup of what you are asking, but as far as the, uh, this uh spillover is uh this uh pretty concern, more than 60% of the cape goes on account of this exploration and development approach. all this. My question was more from the perspective that for us basically I think the production growth has been constrained primarily by the demand and not necessarily by sort of the additional capital investments required in the existing re so under and the incentive scheme of 20% extra. Premium on the gas is primarily to sort of support the additional capital intensity in the legacy field. So is it really applicable for us this new one gas provision because our capital intensity is not really sort of rising. See, as far as this crude oil production is concerned. That demand is not constrained by. Because Uh, the, the demand is not is not constrained by the demand because as you know notice is having more than 7.5 MMP of capacity refining capacity whereas the total production in the notice is about 4 to 4.5 mm so there is a sur capacity. So the moment I can produce my guess is that cru will immediately find it. So there is no as far as as far as gas is concerned, the production is constrained by, but can be unlocked the moment these facilities are in place and of the facilities are in terms of this I and not necessarily. No, there is a There's another thing that we are also trying to implement that's why. And I think all India is. Going to be the first in the country to do it. Actually we have done it earlier as well. Now in order to address this issue of uh. Uh, constraint production because, you know. Uh, when we, when we produce gas. In some of the fields we also produce some bit of condensates along with the gas. So if I have to shut down a couple of gas wells uh because of lowliment by the customers, I'm also losing out on some of the production of oil in terms of the condensate which comes along with the gas. And therefore we address this problem. Of course the IGCL line will come. It will take another couple of years, but we cannot afford to lose even a single drop or barrel of oil. And that's the reason we have taken up this initiative that, uh, we will have a facility for underground gas storage. So this is something which is, uh, which we are planning to undertake on a, on a war footing, and we have already identified a couple of wells or reservoirs where we will try to implement this strategy. And so whenever there is a shortage or there is a There is a requirement for, uh, you know, curtailing your gas production. We will not curtail per se, but we will still produce and we will still produce the oil additional oil also with the gas and whatever gas gas produced, we will inject it back to the reservoir for storage. It's like, you know, oil storage, but here we're talking about the gas storage. And later on when the later on when the demand requires, uh, we can even produce back the reservoir. So this unique concept we are, I think going to implement, we are going to be the first in the country to do it when this is also eyeing for it. But then there are a few of the steps that we are already taking so that our production levels are sustained and, you know, uh. Their levels. Thank you, sir, for this call. Yeah. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soma from Avendra Park. Please go ahead. Uh, thanks for the opportunity, sir. Uh, so we are, uh, first person, sir, in terms of the 30% equity contribution for NRL, uh, expansion cases, how much have we contributed so far? How much means? We already contributed about 11. So we have contributed so far. Sorry, why is not clear. A 100 growth we have already contributed. Uh, yeah, definitely the, uh, as the promoter's contribution, our total commitment, uh, towards the annual project is 12 2200 calls, uh, we, and this is split it into 4 cash calls. So first two cash calls actually we have already paid a 550 grows, so the total cumulative investment as a promoter to the refinery cap for the project is 1100 ros as in date. The third cashold also we have received and that will be dispersed sometime by December. So by the end of this financial year up to December 1100 plus 550, and then based on the development of the project, as in when we get the balance cashold request from the refinery that will be paid. Our total commitment is 2200. And also, uh, KE for in our, uh, let's say after next year, uh, when the expansion is started, then what would be the KPE andre post that. And that's. See, and actually the total refinery project, uh, cost is 22,000 calls and that is again is getting revised of course the formal approval is with it, but, uh, it is expected to be around 33,000 calls, 32,000s. Now there is already a depth of 18,000 cows by the refinery and the increase, uh, uh, the cost will be made from some additional depth as well as, uh, maybe some additional internal accruals also may contribute to that. Now the, the, as we have already mentioned that the total that has been done is around 11,000 pros out of the 18,000 cos capacity, the cape that is for 2425, they have planned the uh field wise capex and, uh, for the current year, 2425, the capexx is, uh, plan capaxes around 10,000 pros. And it will be in that level for the next year also because they have to uh complete the target is to complete the refinery by uh December 25. OK, so, sir, one clarification here, so the, uh, revised KE for NRL expansion will be 32,000 calls. That's the updated some. I mean that is awaiting ministry approval. So what is approved as of now is 28,000 colors. There is a revision. The revision proposal is with the ministry. The approval is yet to be received. OK, so sir, also I was just trying to understand post expansion once all the 9 MMT comes up, uh, fully ramped up, uh, what would be the number 8 KE required for NRL, uh. In case you have. Uh, actually, refinery is having another, uh, project in hand that is the petca project. So for that project also they have received the approval, uh, and that will be around 7000 groups and this petcam project is actually a few of the physical activities are, uh, simultaneously done with the refinery project itself because it is an integrated, uh, uh, you know, project, most of the refineries are taking up this kind of project now considering the, uh, the, the change in the scenario. And so what you can see that yes after the 9 million capacity is reached definitely the refinery have to give more focus on streamlining the inward supply chain outward supply chain for the 9 million refinery. But at the same time, the next cap measure cap that is in plan is the pet can project. Uh, the approved cost for that is 7000 crews and the uh time requirement is, uh, uh, 3 years from the, the approval there and the approval is what we have understood is recent. Receive so you can say that in another 3 years' time the pet can project will come up and it will be free depending on the funding availability, uh, you know, the how the the additional capacity is marketed so it will be a combination in that way, but if you ask me what is the next phase of cape that will be the pet project which is 7000 cows, uh, capex. Alright. So what would be the product plan in this, uh, you know, pet project? So would it be at a TP HDP, or what, what is it, uh? I On the technical part we cannot comment right now. Oh. Sorry, capacity? 360 KDA yeah. OK, uh, sir, also, uh, just a couple of clarifications. One, this, uh, new well intervention gas pricing, so does the $6.5 ceiling apply to this, or is it just that 10% of crude and then a 20% premium to it? How does it, uh. As for our understanding, the premium will be charged on the ceiling, which is $6.5. Because you don't get anything if the premium is charged on any price lower than 6.5, then possibly the intent. I I was looking at, uh, I mean there's other possibility that the sea is not applied and crude at 75 uh. not see as far as their pricing is concerned, that is not for nomination blocks of oil and oranges. So for oil and oranges nomination from there they are maintaining a cap and that cap is very still 31st March 2025. Yes, from April 2025 we'll be getting 25 cents premium, uh, over and above the 6.5. So we would be ultimately facing 6.75%, uh, coming, uh, for April. So as far as the premium, 20% is concerned as uh as far as our understanding goes that will be applicable only 6.5% I don't know. I just would like to also highlight one point that all these effects, the one part is targeted towards our main producing area, the nomination fields. And one part is what was the OLP, you know, the blog that we're having and the OLPre. Now if we have any gas discoveries in the OLP regime, then the price restriction is not applicable for that part of the gas production. So I think in your number simulation, of course it's an ongoing process. I think it, it takes around typically 5 to 10 years, but what we'd like to highlight is that. Not the cape is going towards only towards the 6.5 or 20% premium. Part of the cape is also moving towards the OLP regions where the gas, if we have any discovery, that will be at a very higher price. There is no marketing in respect of the gas produced from those areas if it is GSA OLP, so there's no restriction. And going forward, say after another 2-3 years once the IGL line comes and we are connected to the national grid, then we also have, uh, we can also see the opportunity of connecting additional gas through the IGS platform. So because that gas demand is always there, we are also in touch with the IGS team. So all these additional avenues will come once the ICL connectivity and the office connectivity with the national grid is received. Got it. Thank you. So Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as a last question. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. This is the last. So thank you very much Anti for organizing this uh phone call you know interaction. Uh, uh, we are, uh, we hope we have been able to satisfy the queries of the, uh, parties and thanks once again. Thank you. Thank you. On behalf of Antiquestock Booking Limited that concludes this conference, thank you for joining in, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.